1. Deck Sales Letter - Jeremy Haynes.mp4
Okay, so introducing the DSL, the Dex Sales Letter. I want to give a little bit of credit to one of my buddies. His name's Josh Troy. He had spoken at a past Mastermind. He had done a sales training for us. Josh and I have a few mutual clients, him being a closing agency, me being a marketing agency. And we've just been kind of stumped on this whole call funnels taking a shit recently situation. So for everybody running booked call funnels, this is an incredible solution for it that we've seen a very high success rate with. Here's the issue and why we came up with this. So the issue is that a lot of clients who are running booked call funnels rely on a VSL, either a mini webinar or a standard, just traditional video of them pitching what they've got, problem solution, and okay.
These VSLs, we've seen, have play rates, not even play through rates, just people who hit the page and press play. We've seen those statistics as high as about 5% to 9%. OK, that means out of 100% of people who just go to the page, 5% to 9% are pressing play. Most clients, most students I talk to who are running these VSL call funnels, they rarely even track that statistic. If you have not tracked that statistic yourself, I would make sure that you go. Home or that you pull out your laptop here today and that you look, okay? It's as simple as if you're using Wistia or Vimeo or whatever video tool, even YouTube can do this. Take a date range as an example: the last 30 days.
Look at the total traffic that hit the page. Look at your video analytics for the total people that just press play. Once again, not the actual playthrough rate— just press play. You might be as shocked as I was on almost every client we were running this for. I want to be very direct in saying: you can still get away with such a low playthrough rate and have very high success and great ROAS in your funnel, even with such a low statistic. But it's an inefficiency. It's like just because I can put gas in a 50-gallon car and it leaks 45 gallons and I can still drive it doesn't mean it's a good car, right? That's kind of the perspective here that I hold on this whole VSL situation. It's been fucking with me.
So anyway, Josh and I were kind of shooting the shit on a call one day and we were like, 'What can we do for the clients who have salespeople that only take scheduled calls? And hate the Hydra and just fail with it?' What can we do for that type of client? And the solution was, well, what if we tried a different way for people to consume the information? You know, we need people, a lot of sales teams, they obviously love when somebody comes framed, which is what the VSL or the mini webinar is for. So a lot of sales teams, they fight tooth and nail against strategies like the Hydro, where we're just getting people to fill out lead forms and answer qualifying information. BECAUSE... Listen.
If we as marketers have to have strategies where the salespeople literally have to be some of the greatest salespeople on planet Earth for it to work, it's just it's not something that we can do in every single client account. We have to have other strategies for when the client salespeople kind of. Are just needing people who are already framed coming through in order for them to close. I'm not going to sit here and bash on salespeople as much as I want to in that situation. We have to adapt and evolve to make sure that these people still get calls that are coming through how they want them, which is, once again, mentally framed on what the offer is, the details of the offer, things like that. So anyway, in comes the DSL.
We took a mini webinar, the deck of the mini webinar. We branded it a little bit rather than just having the traditional like black background or white background and like black text or white text. We branded it a little bit, made it look good, added some additional visuals. And here's the statistics of this funnel. We saw that, when we put a deck in place of the traditional VSL, we saw that 77% of the total people that hit the page got to slide number five. Okay, just to put that in perspective, once again, a VSL, five to 9% of people pressed play. 77% of people on the deck got to the fifth slide in the presentation out of total traffic. That's fucking baller, okay?
We duplicated this out across a lot of our clients who are running call funnels, and we saw remarkable results, more so than the VSL in most instances. I can run a VSL funnel, and a client's salespeople might still complain that people aren't watching the video. And that's fair, because technically 95% to maybe 91% of people hitting the page aren't watching the video, but maybe they're still booking, right? Some people will do that 'bullshit' where they'll delay the button, you know? They'll delay the ability for the call to get booked or the application to get filled out in a traditional VSL. I'd encourage you to use the deck, okay? The deck for us, for what we've been seeing success with once again, standard mini webinar or a mini webinar 2.0.
In the digital version of this deck, as you guys see in the SOP here, there's links to the Google Slides template for both the mini webinar and the mini webinar 2. 0. Within your physical document that you've got here, in the digital document, you can click straight to the Google Slides. With both of those, they are view only. Links, just make sure you press 'File' and 'Make a copy' and then you'll have an editable version. I would obviously ensure that you keep a deck within your actual Google Slides account. So I'd make two copies. One that's your original template that you can consistently make copies of per client. And obviously one that's going to be customized for each client. Now this has done wonders.
For us, this has done wonders in more than just the consumption rate of the actual information before booking a call. This has also helped us gain control of what goes in said deck. I no longer need a client to go shoot me a VSL that takes them multiple weeks while they're doing fuck all and just making excuses. I can immediately make the deck. Okay, the deck is now within my control as the marketer to be able to create. Now there's one pro tip here I want to make sure I highlight. So with all these AI tools out and the tech and the platform— of GPT-3 right now. There's a tool called Tome, T-O-M-E dot app, which is also highlighted in this. It's very simple. You can go into that tool.
You can type just like a GPT prompt and it will create slides on your behalf and it will pair visuals or stock videos with them as well. And that can help the design element if you want to use something similar to that. Does that make sense so far? Okay, so to be clear. A few other things. Huh? The SOP itself, this is actually what I'm going to talk about, the chat GPT portion of this. About 75% of what you read right now in front of you was written based on past SOPs I've created and me prompting chat GPT to help me create this SOP more efficiently. So, to a degree, yes. Not the visual. Okay, back to the topic at hand. So, the moral of the story. DEC instead of a VSL.
Simple enough, correct? Same style, headline, deck, application, or scheduler. A few pro tips. If you look... ONCE AGAIN, DIGITALLY, THERE'S A LINK TO A FUNNEL. IT'S CALLED DECKSALESLETTER. COM. IS THE EXAMPLE I'VE USED FOR THIS, SO YOU CAN ALSO PULL IT UP ON YOUR PHONE IF YOU WANT TO DECKSALESLETTER. COM IN THE DECK. Okay, on the very first slide in the bottom corner, you're going to see that there's a little icon that says, press this arrow to continue in the presentation. And then, when they go to the second slide, you're going to see a little image in that bottom left corner of the deck that says, 'Press this arrow to go back in the presentation.' That prompt.
Jumped the statistics from about 20-ish percent of people going to the slides to about, once again, that statistic of 77% on average getting to slide five. Does that make sense? There are no voice narrations. This is not a video. Once again, this is literally— you're going to make this in Google Slides. You're going to share those slides to share to a web, and it's going to give you an embed. And you're going to literally embed the deck into the funnel in place of a VSL. Yes, it works really well. Um, Yes. Yes. And here's the thing. First of all, it's within their control rather than it being in the VSL narrator's control. There's a big element to this, I think, that from a consumer behavior perspective, people are just fed up with watching your shitty VSLs.
You know, they're just like it— kind of feels, you know, just played out to a degree. Um, to me, you know, you guys who've been following me for years, you know, my content ad strategies that I've created years ago, that's around the premise of this concept I call the digital clipboard salesperson, which is like— we're really no better when we send somebody to a VSL page directly with direct response ads. We're just like fucking mall salespeople that are walking up to people and just pitching them. You know, it's like very, very low probability that people are going to respond to that kind of stuff versus the deck. It's like it's within their control. You know, in real life, if I handed you a deck that you could just flick through.
Like, it's in your control to go through it or not. Like, you don't have to. So, if you choose to, you get to do it at your own pace. It's within your control, which perceptually makes a huge difference to the consumption of information. Does that make sense? Kind of like if you ran an ad in a carousel format, the carousel doesn't automatically move. Somebody has to swipe through that. Same kind of concept there. It's within their control psychologically, so there's a higher probability of consumption of the information. Does that make sense? Okay, to be clear. With the deck. Okay. Knowing that 77% of people get to slide five and then they drop out. What does that mean? There you go. So you got to fucking pump that content into those first five slides that you need them to see.
The mini webinar 2. 0 is perfect for that without having to make any modifications to it. It goes through what the offer is and introduces the offer. It covers why it's a good offer. It covers commonly asked questions, all within the first five slides. So it's very direct. Very punctual, you need to make sure you respect that data. Just because you can build a longer deck does not mean that people will consume that amount. Optimize it as if they're only going to consume the first five slides of information. Now, salespeople-wise, this is very important. The salespeople have to be framed that this is a great idea because the salespeople obviously are the ones that... this is going to benefit the most. They're the ones that are complaining that people aren't going to watch a video.
You know, I need people to watch a video and consume information so they can be framed on a call so they can close easier. Fucking kind of people, right? The DSL has to be framed to them like, 'Look, far more people are going to consume the information before we send them to you.' We can put as much information, we can front load these first five slides. So these first five slides, like, have the salespeople be involved in those first five slides. Like, ask them, 'What is it that you want people to see in these first five slides before they talk with you?' Get them involved with it. That's been a huge differentiator as well to the success of this strategy. Or the salespeople bought into it.
Make it feel like it's their idea as well. Does that make sense? Okay, one way that I've seen when it comes to presenting this strategy is rather than going to the salespeople and saying, 'Yeah, I've got this fucking baller strategy. Like it's going to work really well.' You're naturally going to have a little bit of sales versus marketing beef, especially if this is like a pivot strategy for you to a degree. Like, let's use the example: your VSL funders are failing right now, and you switch to this strategy. Morale is gonna be low during a strategy pivot when something's not working. Let's bring it up like like it's your idea. You know, bring it up like you know. We really just need people to go through the deck, right?
What if me and the head of sales sat down and we came up with a deck, and we optimized it, and we just embedded it straight into the funnel? Uh, do you think that would work? You know, and let them be a part of the ideation of this. Their morale is a little higher than once again just a strategy pivot where it feels like you're failing, and then you're off to next thing to try. Does that make sense? Very important for sales people's morale, from what I've experienced doing this. Obviously, if your VSL funnels are working fine, do not cut them off. Just do this in addition to it. Run them side by side. Ideally, you now have two profitable strategies rather than just one. Make sense? Okay, cool.
Do you guys have any questions on this? Have you found this successful embedding into outbound emails as well? You know, to be fair, you can embed this into outbound emails. From what I've experienced, it's not a bad idea, but it's something that we've used as like a follow-up tool. So, as an example, if we're running the Hydra ad strategy. We'll create a DSL funnel after somebody fills out said lead form. We'll either push them right on that button in the form once it's completed to the DSL page. Or we'll use it as a follow-up in the emails to people who had filled out the lead form. We'll give it to the salespeople as a URL that they can use to once again just frame people before they take Hydra calls.
It works well in that regard. I have not tested it with sending it out to organic traffic as an example. It's already in the list. I haven't tested it as like an agency to pitch people with like a deck embedded instead of a video pitch, if that's what you're indicating. Use it as more of a follow-up. So you're also not running, like, cold traffic ads to this area? I'm running cold traffic ads. So just like a traditional call funnel, direct response optimized for cost per call. We're doing the same thing with the DSO. What's the average cost per call for a VSL? Good question, Joel. Anywhere from about $30 to $80 is what we've seen, so it's a pretty significant reduction in comparison to what we see through VSL funnels currently.
VSL funnels we've seen as low nowadays as about 50, but most of our current VSL type clients are averaging somewhere between 90 and 120. So this comes in as a cost reduction strategy as well. Stilts. Is that across all of them? Well, what do you mean? So just different clients, yeah, different clients with different types of offers will see a difference in their cost per call. It's like he's hurt his leg. High-ticket offers like done-for-you services, high-ticket e-comm we've done this for instead of traditional VSL funnels where they're booking calls. We've done it for raising money. That niche has worked well with this. So, if you're going to use this strategy, what you need to understand is that, once again, the first five slides of the deck are going to be consumed, so it can go to an unaware audience. Obviously, it has a higher probability to get a lower cost per call to an already aware audience, but it's a really good framing tool because we're just seeing such a high consumption rate with it. So I haven't really seen any issues with differences in awareness yet in target audiences. It's done quite well across both. Other questions? The speakers. Yeah, sure. Cool. Any other questions?
We'll do both. So we run the Hydra, and then we'll push people to this, and then we'll also just run people straight to this. Does that make sense? So we run it direct response style, optimized for conversions, typically optimized for schedule, or optimized for complete registration, depending on what we have as the first step. The first step's application will typically optimize for complete registration or submit application. If it's optimized for just a straight schedule, we'll optimize it for schedule. What's the framework you use to do the slide deck and how many slides do you have when you start? So, mini webinar or mini webinar 2.0. Um, about 20-ish slides between the two of them, and as I mentioned, it's really all about the first five.
We still do the rest of the deck intentionally, you know, we care about the rest of the deck. But knowing that 77% of people get to the first five slides and then they dip, that's a big statistic for us in that regard. So we optimize around that. Look at the mini webinar, the mini webinar 2. 0 deck. Once again, go to decksalesletter. com or just digitally click the link that's in that SOP there that you got. You can click right through the template and see for yourself. Tom had a question. So I played around with Tony a little bit, and you could add like videos inside. Yep. You know, I'm really trying to steer clear of making people consume a video.
So no, I have not very intentionally, because the difference in these statistics are so significant to me as a marketer who's just kind of like judging an assumption about consumer behavior currently for why these statistics are so wide. That I would be very wary of putting a video in there at all. Because it just kind of goes against what people are doing. In fairness, like if you added a video that's optimized. Knowing that people already consumed a certain amount of information, maybe towards like the very end for those people who actually made it that far, that'd be a good potential test I'd consider running. But I've not done that yet. That'd be a good idea, though, to test. You had a question? How are you tracking where people drop off? So the statistics in Google Slides will actually show you that. Yeah, there's analytics to Google Slides when you embed them into a web page. Correct. Good.
Thank you. Thank you.
Worldwide, that there's a drastic drop-off in interest in video. Is that why you're going to say that we retired? Well... If you take, as an example, like TikTok's growth, over pretty much like lockdown 2020 to now, I'm going to assume that a big part of just consumer attention has been shrunk even further. Like on my TikTok feed, when I scroll through it now, I see videos where it's like 'Family Guy' on top and 'Subway Surfers' on the bottom, like the mental stimulation that it has. As like extreme, you know, so like when you take that against how most people's videos are that are that are not optimized for mental stimulation and they're just optimized for like selfish—I'm trying to pitch you.
I like to assume that people are looking to consume information faster than they ever have before. No, it doesn't matter the industry we're just talking about people, so that's why I think this has a lot of success. Currently, it's just based on people being conditioned to have either extreme levels of mental stimulation, if they are going to watch a video. Good example of this is how the new Spider-Man movie is made. If you watch old Spider-Man movies or you watch the new, the newest one, as an example, it's almost optimized, like in a TikTok style of editing, because even movie producers recognize that they have to have much more extreme mental stimulation, like faster cuts like YouTube creators have, as an example.
Whereas people who are creating VSLs, they don't seem to implement any of this stuff or recognize that any of it can impact the consumption rate of their videos. Project that out onto people, assuming that your video is going to be the same as everybody else's shitty DSL and I think that's why the playthrough rate is so low currently. DSL, once again, totally in their control. They can go through it at their speed. Like, just look at this real quick. How fast can you read that? If you, like, genuinely just timed yourself, like... You know, it's much quicker in comparison to how long it might take to explain something that's just one slide in comparison if I narrated it. So. Yeah, I mean, a lot of variables kind of play into why it works.
But yeah, I mean, this is where you guys come in, of course, to try it across different industries. Being in the inner circle, you guys always get access to anything I create as fast as I do it. So you'll be a part of the test subject just as much as I am with how I'm seeing it work out. So please report back on what you see across your different industries that work. Does that make sense? Yeah, that actually raises a good point, what you said.
To be able to swipe right on a deck, and then swipe up. Because that's the way people's thumbs would do it. I mean, you could. I'm sure there's a tool that does it, but... working so there's there's something that's important to understand. You just got to try it first, and you're probably going to see a significant difference in result. That significant difference in result is probably going to raise your profitability that much more. And then it just kind of becomes a question: is little shit like that worth it? I haven't found an incentive yet to do something like that. But I'm sure there's some kind of tool that's available to do that. Yeah. Are you framing it like it's not a free training, right?
I've never framed a mini webinar like a free training because it's not. It's a pitch. You always have that call to action be: 'Hey, listen. If you're interested.' I put together this short video for you where you can go and watch this information. So now it's the same call to action, just with a deck. Hey, if you're interested in this, I've got a deck on this next page. You can scroll through it at your own speed and you can check out all the details on this offer. Never frame it as a free train. Other questions?
Yeah, you need to have a mobile version and you need to have a desktop version. So when you export into Google Slides, it asks you three sizes. It asks you large, medium, and small. And those can be edited with the CSS embed code that it gives you that you're going to put onto the page. In fairness, I created this rushed on Thursday, so I did not optimize it for mobile.
Yeah, you have your mobile version, you have the mobile embed, and you edit the mobile embed specifically, and you leave the desktop as is. And then, to be fair... There is reactive CSS code that you can put into that embed to make it automatically adjust based on the size of the device being used. Because in fairness, your desktop optimized version of your site might work best, like I have a 49-inch monitor, you know, I look at it on my laptop, it still looks good, but I have a big MacBook Pro. You know, it's like some people might be on a smaller version of the MacBook Pro or on a Chromebook, as an example, or a tablet. Which version is going to... show up? And this is where the reactive version comes in.
You can go on Upwork, and you can get a developer to sit there, like $50, and take that HTML code and say, 'I want you to make it reactive so it auto sizes based on different dimensions of the web page being used That'll help. Thank you. Can you do that in the Google Drive code? Correct, yeah. That little Google Google Slides—uh, embed code. Just give them that code and say, 'I want you to make this reactive so it auto adjusts to the different dimensions.' Then, just take that same little bit of code that they add to it; it won't look much different—literally, just be like one line of code. Then, Yeah, embed that into your other versions of this. Other questions? Evet, çöpçü. Thank you. How about now?
Okay, cool. Could you hear me before? Really? Even now. A little more. Okay. Thank you. How about that? Okay, cool. Sui. Is it too loud for you? All right, cool. All right, other questions? I'm probably talking quiet too, you know. My bad. You're welcome. In the event that, let's say, your DSL actually performed well, let's say you have more than 40% view rate, would you, when you deploy the DSL, do you run both of them at the same time? Yeah. Yes, so when you have one successful strategy, there's no reason to cut it off. Like you're not looking to make a successful action and then replace it with another successful action. It's called being a one-legged stool if you only have one thing that works. If that works, you always want to have more than one thing that works. Does that make sense? So it's like adding this in addition to what you already have going. Don't replace it unless what you already have sucks. Totally separate campaigns. Yes. Now you can see the difference in data.
A lot of this I've just been running direct response on. I have not attempted a content-first ad strategy with the DSL yet. Just straight direct response. Remember, with content ad strategies, one of the big things that either makes it work or not is the audience awareness. If somebody is not educated about what you are going to pitch them on, it's going to take a few different framing videos to help increase that probability of conversion. Use content-first ad strategies. With a lot of the clients that we have, people are already aware generally about what we're going to pitch or like what it is that we're talking about that we're pitching. So there's not really a need for content ad strategies in that example. Does that make sense?
Let's say I'm pitching cryo chambers and nobody has a fucking clue what a cryo chamber is. If I ran some content ad strategies, like Michael Phelps jumping out of the pool and then saying, 'Dude, I'm doing better today because I did that fucking cryo chamber earlier' and then there's like some doctor that it cuts to where he's explaining the benefits of cryotherapy. That's a good framing video for people who have no idea what cryotherapy is. Is then if I make my direct response ads that follow that with 'Hey you know' come to our local clinic where we do cryotherapy, there's a much higher probability of response in that example because I helped educate the person prior to them actually seeing that ad versus if there's already an audience that's well aware of what cryo chambers are, the benefits.
I don't need to do content ad strategies because they already know. Direct response is going to work in that example. Does that make sense? Thank you. Yeah. All right, cool. Então... In terms of show up rates, it's about the same. Haven't seen a difference in show rates from this. Have seen a difference, once again, in total quantity of calls. And once again, cost per call being reduced. Not much difference on show rates. So, if there's no difference in show rate, do you see a difference in, like, the person on the phone and the salesperson telling you that they're just more qualified and obviously watch more of the video? Yeah. So, total quantity of complaints from salespeople has gone down. I don't have like a metric for it because I don't track it statistically with a percentage.
Uh... More just like how many times I hear the salespeople bitching has gotten reduced a lot. I never hear that complaint of, 'Dude, people are booking calls and aren't even watching this shit.' Not having heard that in a long time. So it's just. You know, once again, I don't necessarily know statistically, um, if there's a difference in, like, once again, like how the salespeople are coming up. I'm not sitting there listening to all their calls. I typically just rely on the closing team to give me that feedback. And to be fair, if things are working, we don't even necessarily dig into it that much. It's when things typically aren't working that we start to dig into it. So with this strategy, we haven't seen a lot of like, not working.
Hasn't been a big need to dig into. Yeah, so I mean, to be fair, Joel, it's like once again closing rates. I haven't seen any difference in increase or decrease with this. It's just been, I've seen more money as a result of more calls, more people booking lower costs. So, for the same thousand dollars, let's say, I get a hundred dollar cost per call, ten calls a day with a thousand dollars spent. Right versus if I can get a $50 cost per call, I've now gotten 20 calls for the closers. If literally no statistics behind that one stat change, so like no difference in show rate, no difference in close rate, just double the quantity of calls and reduce that cost per call in half with the same money spent, naturally I get double the ROI.
Does that make sense? Cash collected per call. To be clear, like once again, we've just seen more money made because a result of like more calls coming in the sales people once again like just the feedback has gotten better you know less complaints. Yeah. Other questions? Anything? Cool. All right, sweet. How do you guys like the DSL, by the way? Cool. Yes, we can. I thought it was sweet. Okay, cool. So naturally, we've got to talk about chat GPT from all the shit that's going on with it. We should look forward, based on what Sam Altman had said earlier this year, or I should say late 2022, that GPT-4 is going to come out sometime in 2023 is what he said. He's speculated around Q2. So we might see some improvements to Chat GPT.
I believe as of today, they also introduced their Pro plan for it, which is a paid plan at 42 bucks a month, just faster response times. And if there is a delay in the capability to use it, apparently with the paid, with the paid plan that goes away. Just do me a favor. Raise your hand if you know what Chat GPT is so I know if any. Okay, good. That's crazy, huh? We all know what it is in like fucking three months it's been out. Okay, so since we all know what it is, let me show you a few examples how I've been using it. So first of all, at some point in 2023, open API. Open AI's website and that you look at those. And once again, you could sign up for API access.
So there's a lot. Of software opportunities in this space right now for how people could use it, especially if what you potentially do, like, as an example, we have copywriters in this room, we have people who do press, who have started to integrate these tools. There's a high probability of displacement to a degree, based on what some of these are going to do for your specific niche that you sell to, and once again, what your specific skills are. So it's important you understand the functionality of this with the API. You can do a lot more than just the front-facing tools that they make available to you. So, as an example, sometime in 2023, there's a high probability that somebody is going to come out with the software for what's called digital minds.
So I would really encourage you to do not simply rely 100% on using the output from these tools. As you'll see, how I demonstrate how I'm using them, I'm taking a lot of my already documented content or my already documented ad copy or my already documented SOPs, and I'm inputting them into ChatGPT to influence the output to be more similar to how I do it. Or I'm framing it to have an output based on who I want it to sound like as an example. Internet personalities. Who have had an extreme volume of their content that this model has been trained with already have a natural advantage. Because they have a lot of content that can be trained on. To have outputs that are similar to what they'd actually output themselves.
OK, so sometime in 2023. You're going to realize when the software comes out. That you can essentially duplicate your real mind. Into a GPT functional mind where you, as an example, as students or clients, can input and interface with that digital mind and get answers that would be very similar to me. If once again I've successfully trained it on a wide volume of content from me, does that make sense? So I want to be clear. It's still very important that you write ad copy or that you write your own articles or that you make videos or that you document your voice in podcasts or even just audios because all those things become training material for these models. Does that make sense?
And that's going to make a big difference once again for uniqueness when everybody else is just going to use the native chat GPT function as an example in the outputs. Everybody's going to start looking relatively similar, who leverages these tools, unless they have those slight edges of uniqueness. Does that make sense? Yeah. For someone that doesn't have content, who hasn't created content. Yeah, this would be a good time. Is there any thought in actually somehow acquiring content or buying content when it's accessible and available? That way you have a repertoire. Because, you know, doing like one-year changes as this is more phenomenal. Maybe people are a little more reserved with giving up content. Does that question make sense? Yeah. And it's and it's a good time to do that if you wanted to, because there's there's probably not a lot of value. Placed on that yet, because people don't necessarily understand how training a model works. So yeah, it's definitely not a bad idea. It's a good way to think. Just remember, if you want... your own spin on the outputs that these models produce, then you'd obviously want to make sure that you're documenting it with like your voice and and how you sound and things like that. Who else had a question?
Like I said, with OpenAI's API, you can do that right now. You can train your own model. You just simply need to develop it. And from what I've seen so far, there's a few people that have that. They just aren't turning it into like a publicly accessible software that everybody's going to be able to use for the advantage that they have currently by doing so. You know, at some point, like I said and I bet it's being developed currently that will happen. We will have the ability to do like a digital mind sometime in 2023. So it's going to come very soon. Does that make sense? It's going to be more than just chat. There's text to image, text to video, text to audio tools that are already available, all from OpenAI and competitors now.
Just be mindful, once again, like it's going to be a pretty crazy year for development around these these tools. So don't. Don't allow yourself to feel overwhelmed by all the stuff that's going to come out. I mean, by Q2, Q3, Q4, masterminds, we'll probably have extreme developments for what's possible and what we're all doing with it. So stay tapped in. That make sense? All right, cool. All right, so anyway, yeah, I've been using ChatGPT to do a lot of shit. First of all, write ad copy. So... I'll take existing ad copy I've written. That way I can format it similarly and you know naturally I'll give it instruction. You know, hey, I have this type of client. Your task is to write Facebook advertising copy that's this many characters long.
You can also take famous copywriters or famous director sponsors. That have well-documented volumes of content online that are attributed back to them to frame ChatGPT to give you copy that's written in their voices. I'll show you that in a bit. We call that prompt engineering. So as an example, I could take David Ogilvie and I could say, 'You are David Ogilvie.' One common prompt engineering tactic that I like to use, especially when writing ad copy, is I'll frame ChatGPT by saying. 'You are a famous direct response advertiser who's made millions of dollars monthly for your clients through Facebook and Instagram advertising.' Your task is to write this many characters of advertising copy for the primary text on Facebook. Make sure that you use terms that it has been trained on.
It's like if you look up a Facebook article, we call it body copy. That's the term I've always used. What's the actual term that Facebook uses for their primary text? You see? So you want to make sure you use the terms that it has been trained on to get the best output from it based on what you're attempting to get it to do. OK, now I show you this because this is very simple for what I've used as a prompt. I've already trained it in previous examples to write ad copy. Here's an example with headlines. So after it writes headlines, I say, you know, now make me five headline variations that pair with that ad copy and make sure they are no longer than 50 characters.
You can also prompt it to ask you questions prior to giving its output. So as an example, I could say, you know, once again, you are a direct response advertiser. That makes millions of dollars monthly for your clients leveraging Facebook and Instagram ads. This particular client you are about to write advertising copy for does this, they sell to this target audience, period. Before you give me any answers to complete your task, you must ask questions prior to giving your output, period. Do you understand? And then ChatGPT will actually ask you questions to give you better responses for what you are prompting it to do prior to giving you the actual answers that you're looking for. Does that make sense? Speak louder.
This is not training a model, what I'm referring to. It's called prompt engineering. These little examples. I'll show a few more. of what you're telling it to do will drastically dictate the quality of the output that you're going to get from it. Otherwise, it'll be somewhat generalized and you want to stay away from the generalization of what the outputs are that you receive. Otherwise. I mean, there's a high probability, essentially, since this entire room of marketers and sales people y'all pretty much raised your hands that you know what it is. It's a high probability, a lot of you raise your hand if you've been using it in your actual like profession. So, you look around. Is somewhat amateurish with the types of prompts that they've been putting into it.
They're going to get generalized responses back, and all of a sudden you all look somewhat similar. Another and the content of the internet will all sound and kind of look the same. There won't be like that slight uniqueness that everybody has right now with their brands and businesses. So once again, prompt engineering drastically dictates the output that you're going to receive and the volume of content that your client might already have online that's been trained into this model will dictate your answers you'll receive right now. What I talked about prior is sometime in 2023. You can do this right now once again with a developer and open open AI's API access. You can train your own model. Of ChatGPT.
So, if you have a client with a high volume of content and maybe they just produced it all like last month, as an example. This is built on GPT-3. That's what ChatGPT currently runs on. GPT-4 might have a higher amount of trained content that goes into that model. So, like, you know, your content getting scraped from the web. Trained into this model dictates whether this model can work for you and your uniqueness, based on whether your client has that documented data trained into this model. What I said earlier is you'll be able to train your own model. That can function like this. Does that make sense? Sure. Thank you. I will put questions that you guys get to ask. Yeah. Ask me a question before completing this prompt or before completing this task.
Make sure you ask me questions so your answers are more accurate and thorough. Period. Do you understand? And then ChatGPT will go back and forth with you, ask you questions before giving you the outputs like this. Does that make sense? Thank you. Okay, cool. So yeah, I'm writing an ad copy with this. I've been writing ad ideas with this as well. So one very common thing that my clients have is they need ad scripts. So you can typically do all this back to back to back. So you can say, as an example, I need you to write ad copy for this type of client. You know, here's the details of the client. Here's the, here's the task that I want you to complete. You know, there's the ad copy.
Now make me five headline variations based on those ad scripts that you've just written. Then you get your headlines. Then you say, now give me three ad scripts based on those pieces of ad copy you've written that pair with those. And then it produces, in this case, three scripts. Does that make sense? You can also be very efficient with the model by getting ad copy for your primary text, your headlines, and your ad scripts all in one. And obviously you can then vary that. copy to other platforms as well. So, if it's written this for Facebook and Instagram as an example, you can then transition it to say, 'Now write this with 50 characters or less for TikTok body copy as an example.' Does that make sense? Okay, cool.
Coming up with new hooks. So, I took 60 of my existing ad hook headline ideas. I pasted it into Chat GPT. And you can see here an example of prompt engineering. I said, 'Look, you are a direct response advertising expert who spent and made tens of millions of dollars each month for your clients. Your task is to take the following hooks below and come up with new templates.' That can be used universally by your copywriting staff in your marketing agency in the future. You'll need to come up with at least 10 new hook ideas. And then I've paced the examples of my 60 ad hooks that I've written. And it produces 10 new hooks. And then I tell it. Accomplish the same task, but write the headline hooks that are 50 characters or less.
And then it refines those to be shorter. Does that make sense? Okay. So yeah. A few others. I won't show examples up because these are a little longer. But rewriting landing page copy. So, if you need to scrap a page or you're just trying to get a higher conversion rate on that said page. Take literally to the bottom of the page and drag your fucking cursor to the top and copy everything straight into the chat GPT tool. Give it the same prompt of you know you're a direct response advertising expert or like you're David Ogilvy, you know rewrite this in David Ogilvy's voice, you know and then paste it in there and it'll rewrite that all for you. Does that make sense? Okay, writing email sequences has been very successful with this as well.
So I'll say, you know, here's an existing email sequence. I'll paste the entire long ass 10-part email sequence in there and it'll rewrite them completely for me top to bottom. Does that make sense? Thank you. And then, yeah, the DSL SOP was about 75% written by ChatGPT. Based on past SOPs. That I've already written. Does that make sense? And then I had to refine it a little bit to be fair. But it's still more efficient than just doing it from scratch because I fucking hate SOPs. Yeah. No, I just copied about three of my existing SOPs into it. I said, 'This is what I'm looking to accomplish with this SOP. I want you to write.' It did a decent job. It didn't do everything like perfect.
It's not like I could just copy and paste it and it was good. You know, I had to refine it. It took an SOP from about five hours to type down to like maybe 45 minutes. Does that make sense? Okay, cool. All right, yeah, so SOPs and then writing articles. We talked about this on, oh, I'm sorry, you have a question. For the SOP one, if you have an SOP that links to other docs and has images and shit, if you copy that. Does it have the ability to take into account those things with what you're trying to accomplish? Not through like chat GPT, but if you use OpenAI's API access, then yes, it's functional like that. Correct. Once again, you would develop your own software that you could input data into to train it on that content.
But once again, you cannot do that right now through the native chat GPT tool. For the SOPs, I did not have it trained on any images or videos. Technically, it was trained on the links that were inside of those SOPs that might have videos or images on them. But once again, it's not trained on images or videos to output this SOP. So you did not use chat. I use ChatGPT to create 75% of that SLP that you hold in your hand based on just copying and pasting past SLPs I've created into it. And then also you can ask it advice, which is pretty cool. So once again, any well-documented internet persona or historian that you wanna essentially talk to virtually. You can frame it to be those said characters and you can go back and forth with them.
That's been quite helpful. As an example, I bought a shitload of Chrome Hearts recently. And I was asking it, I was, I was like, 'You are this fashion person who's like a well-known designer. And I want you to give me perspective on whether, like, this size with these measurements will fit me with this size and these measurements, and articulate to me how you think it would fit me, like, comfortably relaxed or tight, you know, and then it would go back and forth with me from like a fashion perspective, you know, just just one random thing I tried. Um. Thank you. Just a clothing brand that was quite expensive, and I wasn't going to go in person to buy it, so I wanted to essentially submit my measurements, grab the brand's measurements, and I wanted to understand whether the clothes would fit, how they'd fit, and what size I might need to buy without actually talking to like a real-life salesperson for the brand.
And what was the result? was quite good. I mean, simply put, it was just good advice, you know. I bought a lot, so it worked. But yeah, I mean, you know, this is essentially limited by your own creative bounds when it comes to asking advice. Good. So I don't have a developer on my team. And my question is, it sounds like the API access is really going to expand. Yeah. It doesn't.
Upwork's amazing. To get developers to do that. Thank you. I just messaged five developers and they spoke for two levels though. Hold on, hold on. I mean, it's great. I think Upwork's an amazing platform. If you want to meet somebody who's more advanced, anybody that has documentable evidence of two or more AI projects historically, they're going to be fucking awesome. And here's the thing. You don't need them trained on AI. You just need them trained on developing solutions for you. Your use cases. We have a really complex use case that we're building right now. It's easy to get somebody connected to the API. And depending on what you're looking to build, I found that a lot of people with that history and experience, they were the most reliable developers that could really harness what these tools could do for us.
Nice. Other questions on this so far? Cool. So once again, one of the most important things when it comes to leveraging any model that's an AI-based model is what's called prompt engineering. This is what you all need to be best at. I've given you a few examples. This is another example. So to be clear. The green is an example of what I call framing the model. So you need to frame the model. With whom it is. or who it's acting as. you need to give it like a background on why it's talking to you or giving a particular output the way it is so you've seen me a few times framing it as you know you're a direct response advertiser that's been doing this for this long and it's made this amount of money or like Average is this type of click through or is this type of person?
That's that first part in green. Once again, we simply just named that framing the model. Secondary in the yellow is the task itself. You need to be very explicit and clear about what the task that you are looking for it to accomplish it on the output side of things. Okay. And then. The blue is an example of that question that I told you to prompt it with. Of you need to ask me questions before you give an answer. And we've seen a lot of success with that. With simply increasing the quality of the output that it produces. Does that make sense? Okay. You guys have questions on anything? Sorry. Have you ever gotten really mad at us and asked ChatGPT to give you a really good prompt to then feed into ChatGPT?
I haven't. It would be a good example, though, because it could. I would be curious to just see, like, a great chat. She's here. Yeah. One thing that that, you know, I'm planning to do to just expand my knowledge around this is. There's an MIT course coming up that starts in February. I don't know the name of it. I think it's like the theme is like no code AI tools. and I'm using that starting in February just try to get some additional information on a 12-week course 2500 bucks you know, I think it'll be helpful. Um, but that's that's what I'm doing just further expand, but no, I haven't tried that. Other questions? What are some cool use cases you guys have at ChatGPT? Anybody want to share?
Using code for maybe the responsive embed, you can just ask it how to make this Google slide embed responsive. Yeah, that's true. Because it can code. That's right. They're going to pass the back of the other one. Yeah, that's a really good one. You had a question or a share? Yeah, like, um, with this, you think we need tools like JavaScript? I unsubscribed from that tool the moment Chet GPT came in. I have clients who I give feedback on their copy, and they are less technically sophisticated than all of us in the room. So, from my members area, I had a guy from Upwork develop a tool which is specific. So, you want a social media text for this topic, there you go. So that made it much more simpler for them, which is for them a cool value. Nice, cool. Ah, sure.
So one thing I learned from... Sean, you can actually give it a prompt to say it's as if you're a human and as if it cannot be detected as an AI by an AI detector. And if you run it through a few times, and it'll put you in the AI detector, it comes out that it's completely aware of that. Yeah so so that system that you're referring to first of all is not being penalized by Google right now. Uh the Verge routers both have literally thousands of articles that they've written with these tools that are high ranked in the search engine. So what's not being punished that's total rumor? Second of all, It is creating a watermark through what some of the first words or the third word or the fifth word that it produces are to try to track back to it.
If you copy and paste the text and then you paste it into, let's say, a let's say plain text text editor, as an example, there is no like invisible behind the scenes tag that it's putting onto this text. It's with the words that it's generating itself. So to your point, if you take the output and you change the output slightly, rather than just straight copying and pasting it, you'd accomplish that same thing without having to run it through the model multiple times. And yes, there is a high probability. That in the near months or weeks, even that there will they will start actually penalizing it, but there's been nothing from any search engine for that matter on on penalizing that text yet, especially from news channels.
Probably the coolest one that we've done is we have a call center team that's medical-based that processes, like, complex legal cases that require medical diagnoses. And it's, like, 40% to 60% of the manpower and hours of people associated with law funding are going to be on the phone. Have you created a chatbot with it? Pretty much. Yeah, that's cool. I saw a guy recently, his use case was through the OpenAI API access. He did a whole chatbot to essentially communicate back and forth like it was a salesperson. Not only like through some random software, but through an iPhone. So it looked like it was like a real person communicating with him. It was badass, but I don't technically know how he did it. Teksting av Nicolai Winther. Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, he would take the information he likes multiple pivot tables so I could take the information, put it into, let's say, an app like Telegram that might have API access, and then on the iPhone, he would function the Chat GPT tool to take it out of there and then put it into the iMessage and send it out on that behalf. It was, it was sick. I'm not technically savvy on that one for like explaining it, but I can show you the thread that I read about the guy who did it. Yeah. Yeah, I'll try to find it. I thought it was badass. One application I saw that was really interesting is that in the medical world, when a surgeon can be submitted to do a procedure, the insurance company has their own doctor who will look at it and say, for example, 'No, we're going to deny this.' And it takes a lot of time that the surgeon actually has to send a message back.
And it was something that, as one certain doctor did, they started putting the prompts in. saying, like, hey, this patient, like, 55-year-old female, she's going to have a gallbladder removal with UnitedHealth. healthcare, they denied it. Can you please like give me a reason why that this person should do that procedure and list all the references, right? So that by itself has just been a really big battle. I don't know any other surgeons that have done that. Nice. That's sick. Anybody else have anything they want to share? I've been using DALL-E for static ad pictures. DALL-E. It's the OpenAI text-to-image model. These dinners have an artist that's like, you know, make me a steak dinner in the style of Leonardo da Vinci. Make me a steak dinner in the style of...
And then instead of just using plain state, I can switch it up and I can also use that in the app. Why did I ask an AI? to make a steak dinner that looks like it's melting. So I want to get your attention. Here's why we need your attention, blah, blah, blah. So it doubles as not only the image that gets attention, but now I have a different athletic community to get further attention and more attention. That's cool. Yeah, sweet. Anybody else? All right, cool. Yeah, so long story short, ChatGPT, pretty sick tool. Honestly, probably going to be somewhat devalued here in the following months from Google punishing content to ad platforms potentially punishing content that comes from it. Hard to tell who's going to punish it and who's not because obviously it's very efficient for people like us.
We love it. We don't know. You know, whether regular people know about this or not yet at the level that we do. So we don't know if they're offended by it yet. We don't know if they're going to kind of like be like, 'Ah, we don't like it.' You know, we don't know if the government's going to come in and regulate it. There can be all kinds of shit that kind of abruptly... Stops you from using this the way that we are right now, but the best advice I've learned through my career when fringe tools become available like this: Fucking milk it while they're available to the best of your ability. Maximize it as much as you can.
But be prepared for it to potentially have some significant changes to how you integrate it into your day-to-day workflow over the coming months or even years, as specifically. REGULATIONS AROUND THIS START TO POP UP. ALSO, EXPECT COSTS TO POTENTIALLY INCREASE AS WE JUST SAW TODAY. THEY RELEASED THE PAID PLAN FOR CHAT GPT. Expect the functionality to significantly increase much faster than the regular technological pace you probably have in your head for improvement. Like think iPhones, not a lot of improvement on iPhones nowadays, right? It's like that's the kind of pace that we're used to with technological pace is what I'm inferring versus AI tools will significantly outpace that same pace that you're used to. A thousand to one. So that's what I kind of indicated at the beginning of this.
Don't get overwhelmed by these things. Make sure you stay on top of them. Make sure you try to ideate around how you could integrate them into your workflow and how you could use them. And by all means. If you recognize that you are starting to somewhat get displaced by some of these tools, make sure you expand on your skill set or at the least, you know, embrace them to make yourself more efficient, more productive in your total output you're capable of producing. With integrating these tools into your workflow. Does that make sense? You know, the paid model transfers copyright ownership to whoever is using it or It didn't highlight that. It was like four bullet points that they highlighted. Like you get access to. The model still, even if it's in high demand, you get faster responses. There were, like, two other rather insignificant ones, but they didn't highlight that. Other questions? All right, cool. Lunch should be served in about five minutes. I'm going to break for networking for about an hour. We're going to be butts back in seats here at about 1:30. I'll round you all up. Good luck getting out of the beanbags.