Transcrição Completa: 2 Think Bigger Act Bolder with BOLDCEO     [00:00] Cool. Well, quite an intro. I appreciate it. I'm gonna jam a lot of shit into an hour here, right? After watching everyone's presentations yesterday. You guys fucking killed it and inspired me. So, I stayed up a little late, got up a little early, and kind of redid some of the things that I did because I wanted to make this as relevant as I possibly could to everybody in this room.   [00:25] I'm just curious, how many of you are in like the agency world? Yeah, so that's most of you, which is great. So, you're going to get a ton of this. Those of you that are not in that world, you're also going to get a ton as well. So, just think about I'm going to use the marketing agency world kind of as the vehicle to explain some business tactics and my story along the way.   [00:48] Um, so you can I'm I'm peeling back some like legit behind the scenes. I put a timeline together that was kind of inspired by by yours a little bit. But what I realized by watching your presentation and putting that timeline together, it made it more tangible for anyone else that wants to follow your journey or wants to have a similar journey, right?   [01:12] Because I think that now how many you agree that as we are building our own businesses, right, as we're trying to scale, as we're looking at what everyone else is doing, often times we can lose perspective of like how long shit should actually take. It's like, fuck I'm not there in a quarter. What the hell? And sometimes it's not realistic.   [01:35]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  Timeline e gráficos de progresso empresarial   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados neste momento   VISUAL:  Timeline visual mostrando progressão de carreira, setbacks e conquistas ao longo dos anos. Layout comparativo de expectativa vs realidade no crescimento empresarial.   [01:42] And so I put some time together so you can and and some charts um so you can literally see the progress and some of the setbacks as well. And so hopefully everybody gets something from this. So there's just some gratuitous photos with some, you know, some people you may or may not know.   [01:58]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  Portfolio de marcas e logos   NÚMEROS:  6 e 7 figuras em deals mencionados   VISUAL:  Grade de logos corporativos incluindo marcas Fortune 500, layout profissional com logos conhecidos de grandes empresas americanas.   [02:05] Uh some gratuitous logos. These are just a handful of the brands that I've done business with. Uh six figure, seven figure deals. Okay? So I've been in the boardrooms of almost every one of those logos there. Um and many others as well.   [02:20] And I can tell you for sure that when you get into the behind the scenes of like some of these bigger companies, how you thought shit was run is not at all how it's run. like what you're aspiring to, what you're looking at, and then you get there and you see how the sausage is made, you're like, "What the fuck?" Right?   [02:40]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  Aparições em mídia   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Compilação de screenshots de aparições em TV, podcasts e mídia, incluindo logos de canais de televisão e publicações.   [02:45] So, um hopefully I can give you some perspective on that. That's just the gratuitous media slide. So, something I think everyone in this room wants. We all want business growth, right? We all want more clients. We all want more profits, right?   [03:02]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Business Growth + More Clients + More Profits"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Três pilares principais com ícones representando crescimento (gráfico ascendente), clientes (pessoas/grupo) e lucros (cifrão/dinheiro).   [03:10] And we all enjoy the process at least most of the time, right? Because sometimes it's shitty, right? Business, we're playing the business game. is not always going to be fun. But I think that most of us would like to enjoy it more times than we don't. Right?   [03:25]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Problem"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto grande e impactante, possivelmente com ícone de alerta ou problema, cores contrastantes para chamar atenção.   [03:30] Here's the problem. We make progress until shit hits the fan. Right? It's like everything's going great and then the key employee quits. Everything's going great and then the bank calls in the loan. Everything's going great and then, you know, a huge client drops out. Everything's going great and then shit COVID, right?   [03:52] Um, the thing though is even when things are going well, how many of you have experienced like, "Oh, great. I've got more clients and more shit problems, right? More money, more problems." Sometimes revenue grows, but profits suck. How many of you have been like, "Man, my topline was great, but I didn't pay myself shit this month."   [04:15] Yeah, paid everybody else first, right? Because you have to. Not always, but it happens. So, we work harder and harder to try to fix it all, don't we? roll up our sleeves, get back to like the entrepreneurial roots, what started this whole journey for you in the first place.   [04:35] Work harder, stay up later, right? Try to solve the problem, throw spaghetti at the shit wall and hope something sticks. Sometimes it works out, sometimes it sets us back, right? Agree?   [04:48]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "What We Often Do"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Lista de comportamentos autodestrutivos do empreendedor, layout de bullet points ou lista numerada, possivelmente com ícones de pensamento negativo.   [04:52] So, what do we often do though when when we're at that point when stuff is not exactly going the way that we planned or when our expectations for how it should be going aren't being met? Like, I should be twice as far along, right? I did the plan and I should be 20% bigger right now and I'm not, right?   [05:15] Or, you know, the client left and now what do I do? What do we what do we often do? We assume something's wrong with us oftent times, right? And we start we start like thinking this stuff like I must not be good enough, right? Maybe I'm not cut out for this.   [05:35] I'm going to add somebody in the the Zoom here, right? And then we look at other companies. XYZ brand's killing it, right? Jeremy's shit killing it. Why am I not? Because he's shit really good. But we look at everyone else. We look at the other companies. We look at other people. We compare ourselves.   [05:55] And we're like, I must be doing shit wrong, or maybe I'm not good enough, or maybe I wasn't cut out for this, or maybe I'm in the wrong industry, right? How many of you question yourselves when when stuff goes wrong?   [06:10] Yeah. By the way, it be honest. Raise your hand if when shit goes wrong or at least some point when shit has gone wrong for you, you question everything. Look around because I know how you feel because I've been there many times myself.   [06:28] And I want I want to let you know that everyone shit feels the same thing because I know how lonely it can feel when you're like, "Well, I can't let the employees know that that we just lost the biggest client right now and I got to solve this. I got to pretend like shit's shit great."   [06:48] And meanwhile, you feel totally lonely. You got to solve all this shit on your own. And you're like, "It must be me. It must be my fault." No. Every shit person in this room has that exact same experience.   [07:05] So the next time it happens to you, because probability wise it will. Hopefully, it won't, but probability wise it will. You're in business. Game of business is tough. Remind yourself that like it's not me. This is just part of the shit game, part of the journey of growing a business, right?   [07:25] If you take nothing away from else from this, remember that.   [07:30]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Wrong Actions We Take"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Lista de ações incorretas comuns, possivelmente com ícones de X vermelho ou sinais de erro, layout comparativo mostrando o que não fazer.   [07:35] So, what we take the wrong actions, too. We look at what the big companies are doing, right? Or your competitors, right? Whatever is bigger than you. You're looking at you're looking at them and going, "Well, what are they doing? How are they getting out of it?" Right?   [07:52] We try to emulate their tactics, but like sometimes we don't get the same results, right? You're like, "I did literally the same thing and it didn't work the same way." So, we try another tactic. Rinse and repeat. It's like, "Well, this didn't work. Must be that. This didn't work. Must be that."   [08:12] You're a lot of marketers. How many of your shit clients at some point said, "Well, it's just Instagram doesn't work for us. It's It must be We got to do Facebook. It's not Facebook. It's got to be Tik Tok. It's not Tik Tok. It must be emails." How many times you heard that shit They just point at different tactics, right?   [08:35] But you guys know it's a fundamental problem, not the platform usually, right? So it's the same thing. It's like we're doing the same things in our businesses in other ways that we know if our client was saying that to us, you'd be like, "You're crazy, man. Relax. We got to fix something else. That means this isn't this isn't the problem. This is a this is a symptom of a problem."   [09:00] That's a path to shit frustration, right? It's frustrating. And by the way, this doesn't even need to be when you're like shit's hitting the fan and things aren't going well. This can just be like, I'm just not as far along as I'd like to be.   [09:18] That's frustrating because here's the key. We rarely ever see what's really takes to get where we where we want to go, where we truly want to go. We see like two shit percent of the surface level shit from what everyone's doing, right?   [09:35] You're mostly marketers. You guys know Instagram's like the the best 1% of everyone's life or everyone's business. You know that you do it all day. But then you're like looking at a bigger company or you're looking at a big agency or looking at Jeremy or something.   [09:52] It's like unless they're specifically mentoring you, you're only seeing tiny little fraction. And then you're thinking, well, that must be the tactic. I'm telling you, I've gotten in these rooms and you're like, "Oh, that really legitimately was not what shit got that company big."   [10:12] It was this total other thing that they will never tell any other human that that's how that's how they grew. Okay?   [10:20]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "You Already Have What It Takes"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto motivacional grande e impactante, possivelmente com ícone de troféu ou estrela, cores inspiradoras e encorajadoras.   [10:25] See, the thing is, you already have what it takes. You've just got to apply it differently. You already have it. You gotten this shit far, right? You're all a little shit nuts to want to be an entrepreneur. We're all a little shit up, right?   [10:42] Probably had some childhood trauma. were like, "Oh man, I got to prove myself, right?" Whatever it is. But like, you already have what it takes if you've gone this far. You just got to apply it differently.   [10:58]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "1997 - Pro Skater Dream"   NÚMEROS:  1997, idade 15-16 anos   VISUAL:  Foto pessoal de Brian praticando skate/rollerblading, possivelmente em preto e branco ou estilo vintage, mostrando juventude e determinação.   [11:05] So, that's that's I'm shit old. Being in a room like this, I'm like, "Damn, I'm I'm in the top 10% oldest shit here." Um, that's 1997. I wanted to be a pro skater rollerblading when it was cool for like point4 minutes.   [11:25] Um, I was I was good. I competed, but like I got around a lot of the guys and like the X Games were coming out then and I I knew a lot of those guys at least on the East Coast and I just was not at their level and I recognized it like I was really good but not they're insane. Okay.   [11:48] And so I started to somehow like 15 16 years old come to the realization that you know what I want to be a pro skater but I don't think that's going to happen. And so the thing about it was though is I recognized something. And I realized something because I would skate all the time. Like I would cut school, you know? That's all I would do.   [12:12] And and I had like a VHS camera that would take out on a stupid tripod and set it up and like just press record like in front of a rail and like try all sorts of tricks cuz I didn't have YouTube back then. It was like I would read a magazine, look at a picture of somebody doing some like flip over flight of stairs and be like, "Okay, he must have like all right, let me try that."   [12:38] Nowadays, I'm like, man, if I grew up with YouTube, you just watch like 700 tutorials on how to safely do like a backflip and you'd be doing it in four minutes. I was like, I'm looking at a picture of somebody throwing themselves down a flight of stairs. I don't really know if they landed, but I'm going to try it.   [13:00] So, I would sit up this stupid VHS camera, film it, then I go home at night and I would watch the tape literally and see like, oh yeah, you know what? My my back skate should have been over there. Oh, it looked like I was leaning backwards. and I would try to improve.   [13:20] But then when I realized I wasn't going to be pro, I was like, "Man, but I got this camera. I know all these pro guys on the East Coast. All at that time, like all the skate videos and stuff were West Coast, California shit Like nobody gave a crap about the East Coast. Nobody was like talking about skating in New York."   [13:42] And I'm like, "But I'm out in the city. Like I know all these people." So I worked in a restaurant, saved up some money, bought bought my first digital camera. You had to put a tape in the shit thing for a lot of you guys. High8 video. I don't even know how many people know that shit   [14:02] Oh, no kidding. Roadhouse. Oh, yeah. Road Oh, dude. Roadhouse. Um, uh, Chris Edwards, uh, Aaron Fineberg. Yeah. All right, that's ringing some bell. All right, cool. I'm not the oldest guy here.   [14:22] Um, so anyway, long story short, I save up money working in a restaurant. I buy this first camera and I don't know what I'm doing. I've just decided I'm going to make a shit skate video. I don't know anything. I've never filmed anything. I've never made anything. I'm 16 years old.   [14:42] I'm just like skating around with this shit camera and I'm filming all these guys that are like awesome and actual pros. A lot of them went on to the X Games and I'm filming all this and um you know I take like a year I learn to edit on Adobe Premiere version 1.1 seriously.   [15:05] And uh you know it took a hundred years to render shit But anyway, I make this video just like kind of emulating what I saw with skate videos. I had no idea how to sell it. But what did I do? I took one of the skate videos that I had VHS tapes. If you guys know what the shit that is, take a VHS tape and I look on the back and there's a little logo at the bottom.   [15:30] Says video action sports and they had the phone number. Shit not even a website, a phone number. Okay, that's the distribution company. I cold call him up. First cold call in my entire life. 16 years old. The front receptionist answers the phone. Hello, Video Action Sports.   [15:52] I go, I HAVE THE NEXT BEST SKATE VIDEO FOR YOU. AND SHE'S LIKE, HEY, calm down. I'm just receptionist, right? She eventually actually connected me with a producer there, you know, whatnot. And the guy was like, "All right, yeah, sure, kid. Like, send me in the demo and we'll take a look at it."   [16:15] I sent in a demo. The next thing I know, I sold I sold like four or 5,000 copies of it. They distributed it. So, that was pretty cool. That's 1999.   [16:28]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "1999 - First Entrepreneurial Success"   NÚMEROS:  1999, 4,000-5,000 cópias vendidas, idade 16 anos   VISUAL:  Timeline marker mostrando primeira conquista empresarial, possivelmente com foto do produto (skate video) ou imagem representativa do momento.   [16:35] So, uh that was my foray into entrepreneurship. I just kind of like got thrown into it, jumped off the ledge, you know, like the thing about it was though is everyone, teachers, family, parents, right? They were all trying to do the best thing for me.   [16:52] But during that 2-year process of like filming and making a skate video, do you know how many people told me like, "That's probably not a good idea. Maybe you should like play basketball so you can get some college credit or, you know, or or whatever cuz they don't care about that you were skating."   [17:15] And I I was like, "No." I just intuitively at 16 thick-headed was like absolutely not. No shit way. I'm going to do this thing, right? I had no idea how to do it. But I just basically at that point wanted to prove everybody wrong or wanted to prove to myself that I could do it.   [17:38] And so had I had I waited or had I listened to everybody, right, they said, "Hey, go get a job, work in the restaurant, save up some money, right? Like do some more of the community sport shit cuz colleges want to see that. And then like do this on the side like in your free time with the four minutes that you'll have."   [18:02] And I didn't do it, but that's what kicked off my entire career and really showed me that like I don't even have to know how to do it. I've just got to know what I want the outcome to be.   [18:18]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lesson #1: Stop Waiting for Permission"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto destacado em negrito, possivelmente com ícone de sinal de pare riscado ou mão levantada, cores que transmitem urgência e ação.   [18:25] So the key lesson is like stop waiting for permission, right? Because if I had waited like most people do, especially at 16 years old, for somebody to be like, "Yeah, you know what, Brian, that's a good idea. Go take a shit bus to New York City be with with what, you know, not knowing anybody with a camera you just saved up for and film some shit."   [18:48] I got mugged in Brooklyn at gunpoint. That's a whole another story for another day. Right. Right? But I had waited for somebody to tell me that's a good idea, I wouldn't be standing here. All right?   [19:05] So, don't wait for permission, right? Like, think about where are you waiting for permission in your life. Is it to hire that person? Invest in the course, right? You know, like invest in your business, invest in your own marketing, like what are you waiting for somebody else to tell you that you should do, right? Think about that.   [19:28] Like, nobody's going to tell you you're ready. You just got to go after the bigger opportunity. Nobody's going to say, "Oh, you know what? You're at a great level now. You're you're at the level now where you should hire three more people." Nobody's going to shit say that to you. It's never going to happen. You just have to go for it, right? You just got to get after it.   [19:52]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "2001 - Father's Retirement"   NÚMEROS:  2001, 30-31 anos de serviço militar   VISUAL:  Foto do pai de Brian em uniforme militar, possivelmente em cerimônia de aposentadoria, imagem emotiva e significativa.   [20:00] So 2001, this picture of my dad. Um it's the year of his retirement. He put 30 uh 31 years into the military. He was a lieutenant colonel in the Air Force. And um it's the week before Halloween. He's retiring that Monday. Monday happened to be Halloween. That's why I remember it.   [20:25] So, he's retiring that Monday. And we had planned for him. Like we I come from a total bluecollar family. My dad was in the Air Force. My mom was a teacher. Like, you know, they we had no money growing up. And so, like, we never threw any parties or anything.   [20:45] But for this, for his retirement, we're throwing this big party. And, you know, people he hadn't seen in 20 years, you know, were coming and and and all that the following week, the Friday after his uh retirement. So, we're preparing for everything for Monday. It's the weekend, you know, all this cool stuff. It's all prepared for next week for his retirement.   [21:12] And um you know, and he had talked to me about what he wanted to do in his retirement. And he he did some bunch of community stuff. Like he loved working with kids and science and teaching and he loved all that. Like that's really what he wanted to dedicate his life to, you know?   [21:32] He loved the military. He loved serving his country, but he'd done it for 30 years. like he really was like he talked about all these things these places he wanted to travel the science center he was going to build all of these things right and he just kept talking about it year over year like yeah once I retire I'm going to do that once I retire we're going to go over here once I retire you know I connected with so and so he's going to invest we're going to we're going to build this science center uh it's going to be amazing   [22:08] that Monday morning the day of his retirement he died of a heart attack   [22:15] I was 17 or uh yeah, 17 years old, just turned 18. And um that was it, right? He left a great legacy for what he did, but I know for sure he had bigger dreams. He never got to fulfill them because he was waiting to do it at the right time.   [22:38] He was waiting until that moment, right? Do things in the way, right? you're supposed to retire and then you do this and then you can do that and once once you get out of high school then you can once you once your business gets to this point then you can he was waiting. He was following like the rules.   [23:00]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lesson #2: Now Is The Time"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto impactante e emotivo, possivelmente com relógio ou ampulheta, cores que transmitem urgência, memento mori visual.   [23:05] But the reality is now is the time to do what you really want. You ain't guaranteed tomorrow. You got to shit remember that especially when times are hard. Especially when you're questioning yourself. You got to wake up in the morning, right?   [23:25] Especially the days when you're like pissed off, you don't want to wake up. You're tired and go like, "Fuck, I woke up today." Because there's going to be a day that doesn't shit happen and nobody knows when. So like, you got to go for it now. What the shit are you waiting for?   [23:45] You know, hopefully you got 50, 100 more years in you, but what if you only got two and you're hesitating and you're waiting to do the thing you really want to do or take the action you know you really should take. What if you're shit waiting and you'll never get the opportunity? You'll never get the opportunity to have the impact you could have had on the shit world.   [24:10] Cuz I know every single person in here, right? You got shit in your head. You're like, "Man, I know. I know, man. Once I get to this point, I'm going to tell everybody my story. Once I get to this point, I'm going to impact so many people. I'm going to do this and it's going to like leave a lasting mark. I'm going to help these people in this way. I'm going to help these clients in that way and it's going to be awesome once I   [24:38] How many of you got that shit in the back of your head somewhere? You know you got bigger impact. You know you're putting here for bigger stuff. You know it. And you're waiting. You ain't guaranteed tomorrow.   [24:55]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "2004 - Production Company Launch"   NÚMEROS:  2004, 1 ano de operação   VISUAL:  Timeline marker, possivelmente com logo da empresa de produção ou foto do escritório inicial, representando novo começo empresarial.   [25:02] Fast forward 2004. I started a production company. Um was going pretty good actually, you know, for all things considered, right? I started a production company, started doing like local commercials and you know, all sorts of other stuff.   [25:22] Um, that that was pretty cool. And uh, you know, got it started like a year into it was like easy in my mind. I had nothing to compare to, but it felt easy, right? Getting work, things going well. I started off filming and directing and editing. And then I started hiring people.   [25:45] And then I'm like, this is great. I'm going to shit move into Manhattan. I get apartment in the Upper East Side. Shit's awesome. I got an office down near Penn Station. It's awesome.   [26:00] Then I get slapped with the reality of entrepreneurship. We had a couple of clients. One was behind on their bill. Another one refused to pay. And like we only had a handful of clients. Everything was project based work. We'd done all the work. We had finished the project. They owed us like 50 grand. Not going to pay it.   [26:25] We did everything right. There was nothing. Even to this day, I can say like, "No, that project was awesome. They owe us 50 grand." They were just dicks. I didn't have enough money to cover that shit right? I had a bunch of shit on credit cards. We had a small loan out from the bank.   [26:45]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Crisis Point"   NÚMEROS:  $250,000 em dívidas, $50,000 não pagos por cliente   VISUAL:  Gráfico ou visualização mostrando dívidas acumuladas, setas descendentes, cores vermelhas indicando situação financeira crítica.   [26:50] I'm a quarter million dollars upside down in my early 20s. Like, I felt like I woke up one day and all of a sudden I can't make payroll. I can't pay my rent. Two months behind on my personal rent, eviction notice on the door. One day I'll get home.   [27:12] In New York City, they don't shit around. Two months is an eternity in New York City, right? Right. I got in New York, too. Oh, all right. There we go. There's another one. You know what it's like.   [27:28] But I I get home one day and there's the shit eviction notice on the door and I'm embarrassed. I feel like shit Obviously, I'm not telling anybody, especially the family, all the people. I was like, "Fuck you. This is easy. I'm gonna go to New York City and grow a big business. You guys have no idea what you're talking about."   [27:52] Oh, shit I was going to make them right. I was going to make them right. And I then I was confronted with a challenge. If I got one more month behind on my rent, my personal rent, then I would have gotten legitimately taken out of that apartment. and I'd be shit homeless.   [28:15] And so, in like a desperate measure to figure out what the hell to do and make ends meet, I put a Craigslist ad out. And eventually, some dude, some French guy walks in. He's like, "Hey, I like it. Why is it so cheap?"   [28:32] And I was like, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry, I forgot a little detail. Um, there's a guy that's going to sleep on the couch." And he's like, "Okay." That guy was me. I rented out my apartment, slept on my own shit couch.   [28:52] I got lucky though because the guy ended up being the head pastry chef at the Waldorf Histori. And so, like, the beauty of people that are chefs is they shit do would never cook. They won't even look at the shit kitchen. I mean, it's a tiny ass kitchen in Upper East Side of Manhattan.   [29:15] But I didn't have a like he had the bedroom. He had like the other half of the living room. I just literally slept on the couch. I put all of my all of my clothes in the kitchen cabinets and literally in the oven. I didn't have anywhere to put it.   [29:35]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Living on the Couch"   NÚMEROS:  Quase 1 ano dormindo no sofá, 2 meses de aluguel atrasado   VISUAL:  Imagem simbólica ou foto de sofá, representando o ponto mais baixo da jornada, cores sombrias ou em preto e branco.   [29:40] I lived like that on this shit couch for like like almost a year. And it was like I'm hustling. I'm working. But it was like two steps forward, three steps back. It's like, oh, we got a client, but then this other bill's due. Oh, we got a thing, but then the bank pulls the the rug out from under us. Sorry.   [30:05] And like I just I was working harder and harder and harder and shit getting absolutely nowhere. And I remember like legitimately like considering like this might be it. Like drinking b like a half a bottle of tequila to get to sleep. Shit right?   [30:28] And I just remember one day just like sitting there and I've got this stack of shit bills. I'm just even too afraid to open because I can't do anything about them anyway. And my roommate buddy's walking out and he's like, "Hey Brian, I got to go to France for a month. Is it okay if I pay you in cash for the rent? Yep.   [30:50] So, he pays me for that month and the next month. So, I had a little extra. And so, um, I take that cash and I'm sitting there just like shit debating my life. And no joke, this like ad for for Tony Robbins shit pops up and I'm like, "God damn it, timing being what it is."   [31:15]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Tony Robbins Decision"   NÚMEROS:  $800 para o evento   VISUAL:  Possivelmente logo ou imagem relacionada a Tony Robbins, representando o momento de decisão crucial, encruzilhada visual.   [31:20] And and I'm sitting there and I'd like I'm like, it's 800 bucks. I've got just enough to pay this month's rent to still I'm still two months behind. This roommate doesn't know that. And I'm like, do I basically use all my money going to this thing to try to change my life or do I like make sure I have next month's rent?   [31:45] Shit went. So, I was like, well, shit it. What's the worst that's gonna happen? I'm homeless anyway. I'll just be I'm just gonna do it now. Why wait? Right. Shit it. So, I went and I'll tell you the one key that I took away from it that changed everything for me.   [32:08] Whether it's Tony Robbins or not or something else, it was just I needed to hear this message at that moment in time that I had to take 100% accountability for everything in my life, even if I didn't cause the shit problem.   [32:28]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "100% Accountability"   NÚMEROS:  100%   VISUAL:  Texto em destaque máximo, possivelmente com espelho ou pessoa se olhando, representando responsabilidade total, cores fortes e impactantes.   [32:35] Because I spent that year I'm living on this shit couch blaming that client that wouldn't pay, getting pissed about that one employee that wouldn't stick around because they were two I was two weeks late shit paying them. Man, if they just paid us, this wouldn't be an issue. That might be shit true, but that doesn't change it.   [33:00] So the moment that I left that and I said I'm taking 100% accountability and the only thing I can do is is like what I had to ask myself the question of like what would change my whole situation, right? Like well what outcome do I want? Get the shit off the couch.   [33:22] What would be the biggest thing that would change my entire situation? More revenue, right? If I bring in enough money, I can solve this problem. And so I sat down and I was like where like who do I pitch to? We're a production company, so all our clients are agencies. And I'm like, where are the agencies?   [33:45] Long story short, I find out on like Tuesdays, Thursdays, or Friday nights at that point in time, there was always a party with like all the agency producers in New York City somewhere at like one of the big high-end post-production houses and whatnot.   [34:05] And I convinced a cinematographer that I knew to sneak me into the back door at a place called The Mill in New York City. and I just went in and started networking. Took me three weeks and I closed my first $90,000 job.   [34:25]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Turnaround"   NÚMEROS:  $90,000 primeiro grande contrato, 3 semanas para fechar, 14 meses total, $1 milhão em receita, saiu de $250k em dívidas   VISUAL:  Gráfico ascendente dramático mostrando a virada financeira, cores verdes indicando crescimento, setas apontando para cima.   [34:30] Took me 14 months in total, but I got off the shit couch, got a got out of a quart million dollars in debt and did my first million dollars in revenue in 14 months.   [34:45]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lesson #3: If You Don't Change, You're Guaranteed to Fail"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Comparação visual entre status quo (falha garantida) vs mudança + ação massiva (possibilidade de sucesso), layout de escolha binária.   [34:52] So, the thing is like if you don't change, you're guaranteed to fail. Like, if I didn't make that move, if I didn't take that leap, if I didn't take that risk, I'd who the shit knows? I wouldn't be talking to you guys, right?   [35:12] If you take a risk plus massive action, you might change, right? It's like what if I fail? Like if I don't if I do not take the jump, I'm guaranteed to fail because if I didn't make a change, I'd be in the same place and maybe I would have just like kept riding it out month after month after month being two months behind and never gotten out of that cycle because it wasn't that I wasn't working hard. I just wasn't focused right.   [35:42] I hadn't taken the risk and I wasn't taking massive action on the right things. But once I did, everything shit changed.   [35:52]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Revenue Growth Chart 2004-2006"   NÚMEROS:  2004: ~$100k-$200k, 2005: ponto mais baixo (couch period), 2006: crescimento para ~$1M   VISUAL:  Gráfico de linha mostrando queda dramática em 2005 (living on couch) seguida de crescimento exponencial em 2006, linha ascendente acentuada.   [36:00] And you can see here, here's literally a a chart like you can see, you know, barely getting to like a hundred grand or, you know, a few hundred grand in revenue 2005 and then bang, it cuts off. I'm living on the couch. And then look what happens after I make that pivot. After I make that change, starts to go up. That's where I took that. That's where I made the change. That's when I came out and was like, "Fuck this. I'm going all in."   [36:32]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "2009 - The Agency Pivot"   NÚMEROS:  2009, alguns milhões em receita   VISUAL:  Timeline marker, possivelmente com logo da nova agência ou screenshot da aparição na Fox Business News.   [36:40] So this is now 2009, right? I had the production company at that time. I was working with the big ad agencies, but they drove me shit nuts because nobody actually cared about the results for a client. Everything was about like some creative director going, "Oh, well, yeah, like let's just edit it this way because we're going to submit that to cans."   [37:05] I'm like, "What the shit What does that have to do with like selling deodorant?" Oh, well, it's not about that. And then I started to realize like everyone's just like riding all these clients, you know, big checks so they can go take some fun trip to France, win some awards. Like that's all it was about.   [37:28] And it pissed me off because I'm like I'm not doing this for like a shit trophy. I'm doing this because like I want to like I want my work to actually have an impact on a client. I want to know that like what we did shit sold more whatever it was or got more attention in a positive way. Like I wanted to know that.   [37:52] So it drove me insane. So 2009, I had a business partner. I grew to a couple million dollars. I bought out my business partner at that time and I went on Fox I got on somehow. I don't even know how I got on. I got on Fox Business News and it was like we're totally pivoting. We're becoming an ad agency.   [38:18] And we actually wrote these letters publicly to some of the big brands and some of the big ad agencies that said like we don't want you as a client. And we like listed all this stuff. That's how we got on. We got some publicity for it.   [38:35] And um it was a big risk because 100% 100% of our revenue was from ad agencies. And I went on public TV and wrote letters that got picked up with, you know, in like ad week about how like shit you to the ad industry. We're becoming an ad an ad agency because we're going to do it differently.   [39:00] That was a huge shit risk. Huge risk. But we we we kept going, right? We were going direct to client and I thought we were doing pretty good, right? I obviously had take a step back, bought the business partner out, took that big leap, took that big risk, but I was convinced. I'm like, this is the way.   [39:25]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "2011 - The Agency Headhunter Meeting"   NÚMEROS:  2011   VISUAL:  Possivelmente imagem de sala de reunião ou escritório corporativo, representando o momento crucial de feedback.   [39:32] In 2011, I got in front of um it's basically like an agency head hunter where like let's say I'll just give you an example like if PepsiCo or one of the brands of PepsiCo is like you know what um we need a new agency to do whatever for us.   [39:52] They don't like put a shit ad out or an RFP. There's like six or seven of these like like no one would know who these people are, but they make a shit ton of money because it's on commission. They've been in the industry since day one. They know everybody and they make a call to one of those six or seven people and they're like, "We need an agency this, this, this."   [40:18] And then that head hunter goes out and finds agencies while they know everybody. He hustles them for a bit and brings them and presents them back to PepsiCo, right? It's all like inside job shit It's how you get in there.   [40:35] Somehow through somebody I knew knew one of those people. She was like the most badass. Like you can't get a meeting with these people. You don't even know who their names are. But I got introduced to this woman who was like the one in New York, right? And obviously New York City like the majority of the big agencies are there. So she is like she's it.   [41:00] I get a meeting with her. She comes to our office. She sits down. I'm like, "Hey, nice to meet you. Great." She goes, "Okay, great. show me show me what you got. And I go through this like little, you know, song and dance presentation and I'm like, "Yeah, hey, great. We're bold. We do this. We're different. We're hybrid. You know, we we're we're twice as efficient. We work, you know, three times faster. I'm like showing real data, right?"   [41:32] I'm like, "We can we can accomplish like what a what a big agency does in three months and three weeks." Dot dot dot. And she goes, "So," and I'm like, "What?" Like, "What do you mean, so?" It's shit awesome.   [41:52] And she goes, "What makes you different?" And I go, "I just I literally just did the whole presentation on why we're different. What do you mean?" I'm like, "We're faster, more efficient, save money, we're hybrid, we do it all in house, this, this, this, we're super creative."   [42:15] And she goes, "I'm going to ask you one last shit time." Said just like that. one last shit time. What makes you different?   [42:28] I go, I I go, honestly, I don't really know what you're looking for me to say. I've just told you everything. And she goes, we This is like 10 minutes into meeting this woman. She stands up and she goes, "I'm going to do you a favor and then I'm going to leave."   [42:50]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Harsh Truth"   NÚMEROS:  10 minutos de reunião   VISUAL:  Quote destacado ou texto impactante, possivelmente com aspas grandes, cores que transmitem momento de verdade dura.   [42:55] being faster, being cheaper, being more efficient, doing shit in house is not different. She goes, "What the shit do you think every agency on this planet says? That's not different. You got to figure out what is different. Have a great day." And she walks out   [43:18] and I'm like I'm like I want I'm like, "LET THE DOOR HIT YOU IN THE ASS." But then it hit me a little while later, like a few months later. I was like, "Shit, she's right."   [43:35] because we're like trying to work with like banks like we're doing business with like some some local banks and like we're working with like we want to work with like car like we're just want to be a great agency and it hit me I'm like shit she's right like if you don't truly stand out nobody's going to care   [44:00]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lesson #4: Position Your Company as Something Unique"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto destacado sobre diferenciação, possivelmente com ícone de alvo ou bullseye, representando foco e posicionamento único.   [44:05] like you have to actually differentiate yourself fast or cheap or better it's not different none of that shit is different no one cares every shit person on the planet in every industry says all that stuff right you have to position your company as something unique pick a shit angle   [44:28] Okay, I'm going to start moving faster because I want to make sure I get through all this stuff, guys. So, bear with me here. Is this all making sense though? Is this all helpful so far? Okay, cool.   [44:42] So, here's the thing, and it's another story for another day. But I determined that, you know what, we're going to go after like a sports and sports lifestyle market. I thought there was a there was a good carve out there. Like, we gonna know it really well. I like those brands. We did good work there. So I focused this in on being experts in that vertical specifically on like understanding the customers with data. I picked that angle   [45:12]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Revenue Growth After Positioning"   NÚMEROS:  Dobrou em 1 ano, dobrou novamente no ano seguinte   VISUAL:  Gráfico de crescimento exponencial mostrando duplicação consecutiva de receita, barras ou linha ascendente dramática, cores verdes e douradas.   [45:18] and look what happened. Doubled the company in a year. Doubled it again. That was scary as hell too, right? Because I'm going like, well, yeah, but shit Like what if what if like now no one's going to want to work with us if if we're like focusing on sports? Yeah, it's a risk. But look what happened. that risk paid off   [45:45]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Major Brand Work Showcase"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados diretamente   VISUAL:  Montagem de logos e trabalhos realizados: Gatorade, Dell, New York Mets, Baltimore Ravens, NASCAR, outros grandes clientes esportivos.   [45:52] and I'm just going to go through quick like here's just some of the shit cool shit we did right after making that move. So working with all sorts of big variants, Gatorade and Dell and shit the New York Mets and the Ravens and, you know, so on NASCAR is pretty cool, right? We did some great work. That's where it started.   [46:15]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "2016 - The Vlog Launch"   NÚMEROS:  2016   VISUAL:  Timeline marker, possivelmente com thumbnail ou logo do vlog/canal, câmera ou equipamento de produção.   [46:22] 2016, we launched. I decided to take another move, another risk. My accountant literally said, "This doesn't make any sense. I don't think you should do this." I was like, "What do you know about money? I'm like, I'm going to go hire an entire production team just for my own shit and start a vlog. So, that's where I kicked that off. What Jeremy was telling you about. That's how he, you know, I guess maybe a little before that he started noticing. That's when it really started to kick off.   [46:52]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "First 7 Episodes Results"   NÚMEROS:  7 episódios, 7 semanas, 5 semanas para duplicar seguidores, 2.4 milhões de views agregadas   VISUAL:  Dashboard ou infográfico mostrando métricas de crescimento social media, números grandes e destacados, gráficos de crescimento.   [47:00] 2016 launched that. Here's what's here's what's crazy. Um, so yeah, this this is like uh Oh, yeah. This is the first uh six episodes, right? So, this is I found this data slide. I put in this stuff I put in uh this morning. I found this actual data slide from a deck that I didn't make right now, but this was from when we reach seven episodes.   [47:28] So, it's just seven weeks in seven weeks in doing this. And now, granted, guys, I know like social media and like YouTube and all that shit the metrics are totally different, but then like Jeremy said, this was not as much of a focus for anybody. It was a totally different game.   [47:48] We doubled the size of all the every platform we had on social media in five weeks. Oh, sorry, five weeks. Yeah. In the first seven episodes. So, and then we had 2.4 million views in aggregate across seven episodes   [48:10]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "ESPN Comparison"   NÚMEROS:  2.4 milhões de views > audiência média prime time ESPN   VISUAL:  Comparação visual lado a lado: views do vlog vs audiência ESPN, demonstrando equivalência ou superioridade, cores e ícones de TV/streaming.   [48:15] which and by the way, you have to remember I'm working pitching and working with big brands. So, like they didn't care, especially at that time about YouTube. So, we compared it to something they would understand which was that's more viewership than prime than average prime time viewership in ESPN.   [48:38] This one slide, by the way, like I can tell you how many Oh, I can't tell you. I can't tell you how many big companies I showed that to and they're like, "What? Huh?" Right, without getting into all the weeds of it.   [48:55] People mistake the content for the wrong thing, especially when you're going after big brands, right? They look at it as like, "Okay, I'm going to do all this content and then people are going to want to work with me." No, they shit don't, right? SMB is a little bit different, but they don't.   [49:15] No one was like calling us and like, "Oh, wow. We saw your video on YouTube. Can you work with us?" No. What we did is we scaled out our own brand and then used that as leverage and showed that leverage and data to our prospective clients to be like, "Look what we're doing for us. Imagine what we can do for you."   [49:40] And that's what shit closed the deals because they're like, "Holy shit we're not doing anything like that. We're still spending money on ESPN. That's dumb." And we're like, "Yeah, give shut up and give us your money."   [49:55]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lesson #5: Get Clear on Your Vision and Invest in Your Brand"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto motivacional sobre visão e marca, possivelmente com ícone de telescópio ou olho, representando visão de futuro e investimento próprio.   [50:02] Um, you have to get clear on your vision and invest in your brand. Nobody's going to do it for you. Like, what is your vision? Like, what are you trying to create? Who are you trying to be? Where are you trying to go? Like, what's that vision?   [50:22] And like, is it just in your head or do people actually know it? Because if it's just in your head, it does you no good. Other people have to see that. We did that through this vlog. I will have a different approach today if I was to do that over again. Social media has obviously changed quite a bit. Eight years ago, damn. Okay.   [50:48] um quite a bit. But the principles of this shit remains like what's your brand? And think about the prior question like does do you really stand out? Are you actually differentiated or are you just tossing around some like generic terms that everybody else is tossing around? Like how are you going to show people that brand, right? Because nobody's going to step up and do it for you.   [51:15]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "A-Rod & JLo Partnership"   NÚMEROS:  9 episódios até conseguir, primeiro Super Bowl da JLo (não o mais recente)   VISUAL:  Fotos de Alex Rodriguez e Jennifer Lopez, possivelmente screenshots de trabalhos realizados, logos de projetos.   [51:22] And after nine episodes, so this is we only did this for a couple of months. I ended up getting in front of Alex Rodriguez. He became a client and because he was dating JLo at the time, she then became a client and we did a lot of shit business together, right?   [51:42] We did all sorts of stuff. We did their data. We repositioned their company. We actually changed their operations. We launched their first um the first Super Bowl one she did, not this last one, the first Super Bowl one she did. We did all of that. we launched her makeup line.   [52:05]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "JLo Makeup Launch Video Clip"   NÚMEROS:  Vendeu tudo em menos de 30 minutos, lucro de 1 dia > múltiplos anos de deal com Kmart   VISUAL:  Video clip de 60 segundos do lançamento, possivelmente mostrando produto, evento, ou bastidores.   [52:12] This is just I don't know if it's going to play, but this is just like a 60-second little clip from one of the videos around that launch.   [52:35] So, the crazy part about this, we launched she at that point now it's so common, right? Like all the big celebrities and all the big influencers do it. But then it was like Kylie was one of the only ones that was selling direct to consumer.   [52:55] all the rest in the celebrity and Hollywood world to that point pretty much it's all just brand deals meaning they slap their logo on somebody else's shit they get a fraction of a fraction of a dollar when they do that but when you own the brand when you sell direct you guys know make a lot more shit money   [53:18] so we convinced her to do it we partnered up with this company Inglot we launched it she sold out of her first product line in like I think it was under 30 minutes and they and crashed the website the entire server went done. It was shit unbelievable.   [53:42] Um, and she made more in that one day profit-wise than her deal with Kmart over like multiple years. So, it shows you the difference.   [53:55]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Revenue Growth 2016-2019"   NÚMEROS:  De ~$5M em 2016 para crescimento exponencial nos anos seguintes   VISUAL:  Gráfico mostrando crescimento dramático após investimento em marca em 2016, linha ou barras ascendentes acentuadas, boom boom boom visual.   [54:02] But you can see here too. So, this is when we invested in our brand 2016 and look what starts to happen. We go from like just under five million to boom, boom, boom. It just skyrockets from there. Obviously, a lot of things are compounding.   [54:22] But like it's these moments in time of like taking that risk, putting yourself out there, doing the thing that you know you need to do in that moment, that's like Jeremy was saying, it's going to like pull you back down to slingshot you back up. You got to do the right things to make that happen. Sometimes you get them wrong, but like if you're not going to take that risk, nobody's going to do that for you. Okay?   [54:48]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "2020 - COVID Impact"   NÚMEROS:  2020, $48,000/mês de aluguel de escritório, 12,000 pés quadrados   VISUAL:  Timeline marker com 2020 destacado, possivelmente ícone de vírus ou gráfico mostrando impacto da pandemia.   [54:55] So like obviously 2020 happens. It's a shit disaster. That's like a 10-hour keynote that I won't get into now, but it's crazy. And one thing that somebody said to me during that time that changed everything because like my now focus is working with SMBs to teach them all the shit I know from growing my business to that size scaling out working with Fortune 500s like changing you know their sales strategy process um operations everything end to end training them up.   [55:28] Um someone said to me because as you can see like through growing through all this stuff like I was doing tons of speaking engagements right like I was with my like on stage like all this great stuff. I love doing it. But that wasn't gaining my agency business, right? It was then being able to show the big companies that we have this exposure and we could do that for them too. That's what sold them, right? So, you got to understand that.   [56:00] But like I loved shit doing it, right? I loved like going and speaking and then small business owners, other people coming up like, "Oh my god, how do you do this?" And like I just loved that. I love speaking. I love teaching other people.   [56:18] And as we're going through 2020, like we can't even get back in the office for 3 months. I had a 14 12,000 square foot office in the financial district of Manhattan for 48 shit thousand a month, right? We had a lot of people on payroll.   [56:38] Um, we couldn't even get in there. I had to send people in with gas in like the first three weeks with gas masks on because they wouldn't let you in the building otherwise to take servers out so we get access to to a bunch of our shit that was locked up inside of this building. It was just totally nuts.   [57:02] And um I'm just like trying to figure out like how do we get back in? What are we going to do? It's like months of this of just this like you guys remember it was just like frozen and I've talked to this um mentor of mine and he said and I'm like running all this by him and I said   [57:25]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Mentor's Wisdom"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Quote destacado em grande formato, possivelmente com aspas, cores que transmitem momento de sabedoria e transformação.   [57:30] and he goes uh yeah Brian you know the people that are going to be the most fulfilled aren't going to be the people that figure out how to get back to normal as fast as they can. It's going to be the people that figure out what they want their normal to be.   [57:48] I was like damn it like was a gut punch.   [57:55] And at that point in time, because like nobody obviously knew what was going on and I have like, you know, thousands of contacts across all sorts of different size industries and businesses and positions, I'm calling and talking to every human being that I can and going like, "What are you seeing? What are you seeing? What are you doing? What are you guys doing? Are you laying anybody off? What's going on?"   [58:22] From Fortune50s all the way down to startups. And you know, I I legitimately over a month and a half like talked to like 300 people that I knew, maybe more. And I had a pretty good handle on like what industries were getting hit really hard. you know what what was working, some things that weren't working.   [58:45] And I was then sharing it back with everybody I knew. And um and then I'm I'm then out like on this hike and I'm talking to the CMO of a Fortune a Fortune 100 company that I know and she's like, you know, Brian, she's like, I just I just feel like, you know, I don't know if I really care about this company that much. I have this passion for this other thing.   [59:12] And I repeat to her what that mentor said to me. She goes, "Wow, you're so right." And I go, "Yeah." I go, "Listen, like, when are you going to do it?" I tell her about my dad's story. I go, "Cuz what if you don't get a chance to do it? The thing you really want to do?"   [59:32] And she goes, "Fuck, you're right." And she hangs up. Love what we're doing. But I'm like, "Dude, my passion really is this other piece of it that I was doing almost like as a as a 2% of what I did." And so I pivoted, too.   [59:52]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Pivot to Sales Training"   NÚMEROS:  Meta de 6 meses atingida em 2 meses   VISUAL:  Representação da mudança de foco para SMB e treinamento de vendas, possivelmente com ícones de ensino ou apresentação.   [1:00:00] So we were like, "Okay." So we we focus on sales because everybody needed it, especially at that time. came out with a training program. We did it live over over Zoom at that point in time and we had a goal of like I said I said to my my staff well the staff that I kept I said hey look like if I hit this goal in the next six months this target I'm going to go 110% in. We crushed it in like two months.   [1:00:28] So I was like well shit I guess I got to commit to it now. So it's pretty cool because now I get to I still work with some of the bigger brands but I get to focus in on taking all that lessons and teaching smaller businesses all the shit that I had to learn the hard way.   [1:00:48]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lesson #6: Have a Business That Is Your Lifestyle"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto sobre alinhamento de negócio com estilo de vida desejado, possivelmente com ícone de balanço ou integração vida-trabalho.   [1:00:55] Um, so the lesson is like the most the pe people most fulfilled have businesses that is their lifestyle and gets better as they grow. And what I mean by that is like when when I was focused in on like that content and speaking and teaching other people stuff as a side mechanism to then drive business into the agency to scale that.   [1:01:22] I kept saying like, "Yeah, you know, in 10 years I'll either sell this thing or like I put an operator in, but then I'm like just going to go out and I want to speak and teach other people stuff." And don't get me wrong, there was nothing like I loved it, but that's such an indirect path, right?   [1:01:42] Had co not happened, I wouldn't I wouldn't have pivoted, I wouldn't have this other focus, this other area, this other business, right? Where it's like, well, what what am I waiting for? What if I don't shit get a chance to do that?   [1:02:00] And so the thing is now it's like I made Tropicana, we made Tropicana hund00 million additional revenue in one quarter in the Northeast tracked shit huge. But let me ask you, did anyone give a shit at PepsiCo six months later? Do anyone remember that? Did anyone care? Do the shareholders even know about it? No.   [1:02:28]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Impact Comparison"   NÚMEROS:  $100M adicional em receita Tropicana em 1 trimestre   VISUAL:  Comparação visual entre impacto corporativo (números grandes mas sem significado pessoal) vs impacto em vidas individuais (transformação real).   [1:02:35] What lives do we change? No one's. And not that there's anything wrong with that, dude. I'm purebred capitalist. Like I love it. But when I got a call back from that CMO 3 months later telling me that that was the happiest decision of her life and I've and I've stayed in touch with her and she's like killing it now.   [1:02:58] She moved her family out to to Colorado where she really wanted to be. She's like my family's happier. I'm happier. I got to actually see an impact like helping somebody. So that's just me, right? But what's your shit thing?   [1:03:18] like what's the thing that like you would do anyway without the money and now can you start doing that now or can you make that a part of your business so it's a bigger piece of how you spend your time because if you're spending your time doing shit that excites you anyway well then when you hit the tough times it's not a big deal   [1:03:42] but when you're doing something of like all right man I'm going to grow this thing to make this money so that one day I can shit do this other thing that's a bad path because what if it don't happen you just wasted all that time or what if you don't get the opportunity.   [1:04:00]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Recap - Key Lessons"   NÚMEROS:  6 lições principais   VISUAL:  Lista numerada ou bullet points das 6 lições principais, layout limpo e organizado para revisão.   [1:04:05] So, quick recap and then I'm going to get into a few tactical things. Do I have a little bit more time, Jeremy? Okay, cool. And then if there is time, I'll open up Q&A. If not, you guys can while we're standing around, uh, ask me anything you want.   [1:04:22] So, just a quick recap, right? You already have what it takes. Stop at waiting for permission. Now is the time to do what you really want. If you don't change, you're guaranteed to fail. Position your company as something unique. Get clear on your vision and invest in your brand.   [1:04:45] Oh, I guess I'm talking one slide ahead. Uh, have a business that is your lifestyle. Does this resonate with anybody? Is this helpful? Okay, cool. I just want to make sure.   [1:05:00] Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to jam a few tactical things down your throat real fast at the end here because I want to try to give you guys as much as I can in a short period of time.   [1:05:12]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Key Lessons Working with Fortune 500s"   NÚMEROS:  Fortune 500   VISUAL:  Título de seção tática, possivelmente com logos corporativos ou ícones de grandes empresas.   [1:05:18] So, here's some key lessons working with Fortune 500 companies because let me tell you what, like I said at the beginning, when you get in those boardrooms and you start to realize what the shit going on, you're like, "Oh my god, and this isn't in my deck, but I'll tell you this.   [1:05:38]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Unnamed Hotel Alternative Brand Story"   NÚMEROS:  40 cold brews on tap, 2020/final 2019   VISUAL:  Possivelmente representação genérica de escritório tech em SF, evitando mostrar logo específico da marca não mencionada.   [1:05:45] I can't I can't name the brand, but if you didn't want to stay in a hotel and you stayed in somebody's house instead, I I know nobody knows who I'm talking about, you know, but some brand that does is in that random industry that you don't know clearly.   [1:06:05] I'm there with the head of data science at their office in San Francisco. Shit nutty office, by the way. They have 40 cold brews on tap. I was like, who? Like, what? That was awesome. And also, what?   [1:06:25] Um, and we're sitting down and this is this is just pre-COVID, like months before pre-COVID, right? So, this is like beginning of 2020, maybe the end of 2019, and we're sitting there in this huge cafeteria and we're talking. I have a couple other people with me. We're in this meeting. We're talking about utilizing data for predictive analytics because that was like one of the things we're focused in on.   [1:06:52] And I said to her, I compliment her. I said, "You know, it must be really cool to be an innovative tech brand that started when you did and not like 15 or 20 years ago where obviously the tech is outdated and it's really hard to like change all that stuff now of like you guys are newer in this new like wave of tech after Amazon, after all that. So, you know, the value of data."   [1:07:22] I go and it's so crazy because I think about this is what I said. I said I think about like how much data you must have on me of like not only do you know like where I'm staying, what I'm searching for, what areas, you know, like how long I stay there, like what my price range is, all of this stuff.   [1:07:45] I said, plus like obviously when I'm using my device and have that open, you have all of this data and information. I go, that's shit brilliant. And do you know what she said to me? She just kind of chuckled. I go, what?   [1:08:05] She goes, well, we we have the data sort of. Like, what do you mean you have the data sort of? She's like, "We have some of that." I go, "Well, how much of it?" She goes, "Well, we know what you book." And I go, "And what else?" And she goes, "We know what you book."   [1:08:28] I'm like, "That's the only shit data you collect." Yeah. I go, "And how do you use it?" She goes, "We don't." I go, "Why?" Because it's spread across so many servers, we don't even know how to compile it.   [1:08:48] I shit got up and got my ass a cold brew. I was like, "Excuse me? You're this unnamed brand I cannot mention here and you don't even shit do shit with data that's in the data age. What on earth?" Maybe that would have saved their asses over these last few years had they actually had some data. Okay   [1:09:15]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Big Blue Box Retailer Story"   NÚMEROS:  End 2019, $30 milhões pagos à Accenture   VISUAL:  Representação genérica de grande varejista, evitando logo específico, possivelmente caixa azul genérica.   [1:09:20] one other one that you guys would not know. Um, it's a retail store. It's blue, you know, just it's box. Um, so here's a crazy here's a crazy story real quick about that other company that you don't know is um I'm in Manhattan. This is also similar time frame. So, I think it was end of 2019   [1:09:45] and we met with that unnamed blue large company um at this restaurant in Manhattan and there's three of them and two of us and one of the the heads uh head of it was head of legal but it's not like general counsel because they're so big. It's like specifically to data. Okay.   [1:10:08] and we're talking to them and blatantly talking about how like Amazon is obviously eating their lunch from a digital perspective, online perspective. What I didn't know, again, this unnamed brand, is um they actually have more people that buy shit in their stores like in real time physically than Amazon sells online.   [1:10:35] I didn't know that. It's true. At least at that time it was, but it's pretty big. So I said, "Wow, okay." So they're obviously, and this is not a secret, trying to figure out like how to use data and use their app more efficiently because they have all these people physically in store, which is huge. That's an advantage actually when you are like trying to fight this digital game against Amazon.   [1:11:02] And so I'm asking the question of well, how how are you guys currently like structure that data? Like what are you looking at? Like what are you collecting? And he said, well, here's the thing. We don't know. I go, "What do you mean you don't know?"   [1:11:22] He goes, "Well, that's actually right now why we what we have a centure working on." I'm like, "What is a cent you're working on?" Trying to find our servers. I go, "What do you mean find your servers?"   [1:11:38] Well, we're not like cloud-based in the way that you think of clouds now, like you know, Amazon because obviously competitor. I said, "Well, how do you do it?" Well, we have physical servers in various locations as we've scaled over the years.   [1:11:58] He's like, "And some of them are still written on the same code from 20 years ago, and we can't access that or pull that data. So, we actually don't know what customer information we have." And I'm like, I'm like, "Drink, please. What the fuck?" Okay.   [1:12:22] And I'm like, "You got to be kidding me." And so I'm like, "What? What the like how how?" So there's at that point in time, no joke, and I want you guys to use this as as an opportunity to think so much shit bigger than you are right now.   [1:12:45]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Accenture Contract"   NÚMEROS:  $30,000,000 apenas para encontrar dados   VISUAL:  Número gigante destacado ($30M), possivelmente com ícone de lupa ou busca, representando o absurdo da situação.   [1:12:52] They paid Accenture $30 million just to find their data, not to do anything with it, not to create anything, just to track it down. $30 shit million dollars.   [1:13:08] So, like, are you thinking on that level or what? Like, there's a lot of money out there, guys. And what I want to tell you, and I have plenty more stories like that, but what I want to tell you is when you look, we look at these big companies or these successful companies, whether you're looking at somebody that's just a little bit bigger than you, or you're looking at a Fortune 500,   [1:13:35] you think they got their shit together and you're like, I'm a mess. Our our company's all shit up. No one has their shit together. It's all a shit disaster. Everything's held together with spit and sawdust. It just looks more polished because they're good at that.   [1:13:58]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Truth About Big Companies"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto revelador sobre realidade corporativa, possivelmente comparação entre aparência externa (polida) vs realidade interna (caótica).   [1:14:05] You got to remember that because it's like this mental gap of thinking like, "Oh man, we're just not big enough or we're not ready or we're not successful enough. We don't have the portfolio enough to go after that big company or that big contract or charge a million shit dollars."   [1:14:28] Guys, they don't either. They just shit decided one day that they're going to go after that kind of stuff. Do you get me?   [1:14:38]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Careful Who You Emulate"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Título de alerta, possivelmente com ícone de aviso ou sinal de atenção.   [1:14:42] So, here's the quick things, right? Careful who you emulate. How many of you know who WPP is? Only a few. All right. If you guys are in the agency world, you should know WPP. They're the largest holding company in the world.   [1:15:00] So, you know, if you Google like what's the largest ad agency, it'll say WPP. But here's what I want you to understand. WPP is a holdings company, meaning like all the big agencies that you know, like their names, right? Like Oglev is owned I think might that might be Omicon, but whatever. Like an Oglev is owned by a holdings company. So, they have hundreds of agencies. Okay.   [1:15:28]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "WPP Financial Reality"   NÚMEROS:  $18 bilhões em receita, 0-3% de margem de lucro   VISUAL:  Gráfico ou comparação mostrando receita massiva vs lucro mínimo, cores vermelhas para alertar sobre baixa lucratividade.   [1:15:35] So, WPP, the world's largest quote agency, holdings company, the biggest in the world, $18 billion in revenue last year. Not bad. Can pay some bills with that. How much profit do you think WPP makes? Anybody want to guess?   [1:15:55] Zero to 3%. Yeah, guys. Yeah. 0 to 3%. So do all the other shit holdings companies of agencies. 0 to 3%. Some years they lose money. 0 to three.   [1:16:12] So as everybody's looking like I did. I'm looking at the Oglevies. I'm looking at all these huge agencies. I'm like trying to emulate them. I'm like trying to do shit the way that they did it. I'm trying to pitch the way they pitch. I'm trying to make a deck the way they made a deck. I'm trying to make my website be kind of like as you know the way that they're doing it. They all lose shit money.   [1:16:38] They don't make shit They wouldn't exist. Big agencies do not exist at scale without a holdings company because they cannot be profitable. They have not figured the business model is shit It worked in the 70s and everyone's just holding it together.   [1:17:00] So, I say that because there's a lot of agencies in here of like don't look at the shit big guys as who to aim for. That that's a that's a fast path to no money, right? Or at least know what you're getting yourself into and know that the only way out is to sell it. or or get merged into a holdings company. Okay.   [1:17:25] As I started to work with the bigger agencies and as I started to work with the big companies like PepsiCo, etc. What I started to do is I started to ask like you know the CMO like okay they'd be like all right we we want to do this campaign around whatever right and we want to launch it here.   [1:17:48] And I would ask this question stupidly of like, okay, how does launching this, you know, billboard and this ad campaign in the Northeast going to sell more orange juice? And they're like, huh? And I'm like, you guys sell orange juice, right? Yeah.   [1:18:08] So, how does doing this going to sell more orange juice? Uh, people are going to see it and like it. It's giving me the warm and fuzzy feeling. I'm like, yeah, but how's that make like how do we know if it worked? What? How do we know if it worked? Huh?   [1:18:28] And I'm like, "What the fuck?" I mean, like, that's every Fortune 1000 company basically and and bigger. And so I'm like, "But who decided that we're going to do this?" And no one can answer me until eventually I was in one big company and I asked and they go, "I'll show you."   [1:18:52]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The McKinsey Binder"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Imagem ou representação de binder grosso da McKinsey, símbolo de consultoria estratégica, possivelmente com logo McKinsey.   [1:18:58] And I get this binder. It's like this shit thick. And on the front cover, it says McKenzie. And I start flipping through this shit thing. And it's like everything from operations, marketing, sales, like how we're going to do this, how we're going to do that. It's a whole shit strategy for like every major department.   [1:19:22] And I'm like, Mackenzie, aren't they a consulting company? Like, who the shit knows Mackenzie? And I start looking it up and I go down the rabbit hole and holy shit guys, it changed my entire outlook on business and the way that I do business.   [1:19:42] Because here here's this company, Mackenzie, that nobody talks about. It's not a sexy company like most people don't even know them. Is literally dictating how these companies should operate. And nobody at the companies are like at the big companies at least are going like, "Yeah, here's why." They're like, "I don't know. We just follow this the thing for the big the big book." I'm like, "Huh?"   [1:20:12]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Consulting Firms vs Ad Agencies"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados neste momento   VISUAL:  Comparação lado a lado preparando para revelar diferenças de lucratividade e modelo de negócio.   [1:20:18] So consulting companies, I'll give you Deote, for example. Has anybody heard of Deote? Okay. They're the second largest consulting firm. They're not even the first. Um, Tat Tata is the first one.   [1:20:35]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Deloitte Financial Profile"   NÚMEROS:  $65 bilhões em receita, 15-20% margem de lucro   VISUAL:  Gráfico ou números destacados mostrando receita e margem de lucro saudável, cores verdes indicando lucratividade.   [1:20:42] Deote $65 billion in revenue. What do you guys think their profit margin is? 15 to 20. They're publicly traded. Okay, they're publicly traded. They make 15 to 20%. Obviously, there's different swings in different years, but that's approximately where they are. Okay   [1:21:05]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Comparison"   NÚMEROS:  Ad agencies 0-3% vs Consultancies 15-20%   VISUAL:  Comparação visual dramática entre os dois modelos, mostrando diferença gritante de lucratividade.   [1:21:10] now look, let's go back a quick slide. Ad agency. What do ad agencies do? All the stuff. They create the ads, they make the creative, they figure out the copy, they figure out the positioning, they do the stuff, they deploy it, they take all the risk, they do the media buying, right? Like all the shit the entire stuff end to end. It's a lot of shit work and they can't make any money.   [1:21:42] What do the consulting companies shit do? Uh, here's what you should do. Check, please. Now, some of them do some work. They have some departments, but the vast majority of their revenue is strategy. Okay?   [1:22:02] So they tell everyone how to do their jobs and they make a shit ton more money. That's a publicly traded firm. Okay, McKenzie privately held $16 billion in revenue.   [1:22:22]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "McKinsey Financial Profile"   NÚMEROS:  $16 bilhões em receita, ~30% margem de lucro estimada   VISUAL:  Números destacados de McKinsey, possivelmente com ícone de empresa privada, cores douradas indicando alta lucratividade.   [1:22:28] A reminder the they're the biggest ad agency in the world that's privately owned. Obviously nobody really knows maybe in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Maybe the biggest agency conglomerate in the world, WPP, does about the same amount of revenue as McKenzie.   [1:22:48] McKenzie's private. They're estimated to earn around 30% shit profit year-over-year.   [1:23:00]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Strategy Is Way More Valuable Than Services"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Declaração em negrito gigante, possivelmente com ícone de cérebro ou lâmpada, representando valor do pensamento estratégico.   [1:23:05] Strategy is way more valuable than services. I'm not telling you to not sell services. You should. But how many of you sell strategy? Few of you. How many of you sell strategy for as much if not more than your services? Okay. A few of you. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You guys are going to make some money. Good. Okay.   [1:23:32] How many of you when it's like time to come up with a strategy for how you're going to deploy like a campaign or do something for your client, how many of you bake that process into your services? It's like they pay you X dollars a month or they pay you X amount of like a setup fee and that's just like part of what you do. Yeah.   [1:23:55] Most companies do that, right? We're taught to sell a problem, right? It's like, okay, hey client, hey client, what do you what do you what's your problem? Oh, I need more leads or I'm not getting enough this or clickthrough rate's too low, whatever, right?   [1:24:15] How many of you like sell to a problem that the customer says, yeah, this is a problem that I have. Most people, okay, it's shit wrong, guys.   [1:24:28]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Your Prospects Don't Know What They Need"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Texto revelador sobre ignorância do cliente, possivelmente com ícone de ponto de interrogação ou pessoa confusa.   [1:24:35] people, your prospects don't actually know what the shit they need. How many of you have had a client say like, "Well, you know what? We need to, you know, we need new creative or, you know, we need to get on TikTok or whatever it is. Doesn't even matter. I'm focused on agencies, but just put this in your industry for whatever it is that told you, hey, we need to do this. This is our problem."   [1:25:02] Then you did it. You fix their shit problem. and three months or six months later they're like, you know, this we just didn't it just didn't perform as well as we were hoping. How many of you heard something along those lines?   [1:25:22] But you like you're like, what are you talking about? We literally did. We fixed the shit problem that you told us you had. They don't know what the shit problem they have. That's what you got to understand. That's what McKenzie understands. That's what Deote understands. That's what Tata Consulting understands. The shit client doesn't know.   [1:25:48]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "If They Knew, They Wouldn't Need You"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Declaração lógica em destaque, possivelmente com ícone de lightbulb ou momento aha, cores que transmitem revelação.   [1:25:55] Here's the secret. Your prospects don't know what their problems really are or how to fix them. You want to know why? Because if they did, they wouldn't shit need you. Think about it.   [1:26:12]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Doctor Analogy"   NÚMEROS:  47 outras possibilidades mencionadas   VISUAL:  Analogia visual com médico, possivelmente ícones médicos (estetoscópio, raio-x, exames), comparação entre diagnóstico correto vs aceitar sintoma.   [1:26:18] Do you go into a doctor and you're like, "Doc, I got shoulder pain. It I think I dislocated my shoulder." And the doctor just goes, "Okay, great. Let me get you into shoulder surgery tomorrow." Would you just Would you just accept that? No.   [1:26:38] What do you want the doctor to do? Okay. Why do you think it's shit dislocated? Let's do a X-ray and maybe a CT scan and then we'll do some blood work and then we'll check it out and could be these other 47 things, but I don't shit know. Let's look under the hood and figure it out, right?   [1:27:02] How many of you want that doctor versus the one you come in, you're like, "Ah, I got this pain here. I think it's appendicitis." All right, great. Let's get the knife out. No, you be whoa, whoa, whoa. You're going to like check it first, right?   [1:27:22] What do they do? They assess the shit situation before they shit do any of the work, right? Cuz you don't know. You're not a doctor. Maybe it's dislocated. Maybe you tore something. Maybe it just feels that way. Maybe there's some disease in there. You don't know. I don't know. I'm not a shit doctor.   [1:27:45] You're not a surgeon. You treat your clients like they know what their shit problem is. If you're in marketing, they're like, "Yeah, our clickthrough rate's too low." Is that the shit problem or is it something else?   [1:28:02] How many of you once you've signed a client on, regardless of industry, the problem that they told you, you then uncover later that the real problem was something shit totally else. Oh, look at the hands. That's your problem.   [1:28:22] That's why you lose clients. That's why they don't stick around. And that's why you're not looked at as highly as you possibly could and you're leaving a shit ton of money on the table.   [1:28:38] Because instead of going like, "Okay, what's your problem? Yeah, we fixed that problem. Awesome. Great. like here's how much it cost for us to fix that problem. And then you go and fix it to find out that there were 17 other problems that was a symptom of 17 other shit things you could have fixed.   [1:29:02] And now they're gone to the next shit company because they didn't feel like you fixed their shit They don't know why. They're just like, "Uh, this still doesn't feel right." Cuz they don't know. You got to bake it into your heads. If your clients or your prospects knew what their problem was, they wouldn't shit need you cuz they would have solved it already.   [1:29:28] They just go, "Something hurts. Something hurts." You got to be a shit surgeon and be like, "Okay, okay, I get it hurts, but let's shit do some work here. Let's do a CT scan. Let's do some blood work so I can tell you exactly what the real shit problem is."   [1:29:48] Do you see how the difference like that? That's an elevated status.   [1:29:55]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Salesforce Data"   NÚMEROS:  79% dos compradores B2B   VISUAL:  Estatística destacada da Salesforce, possivelmente com logo SF, gráfico de pizza ou barra mostrando porcentagem.   [1:30:02] This is a quote. This is data from Salesforce. 79% of business buyers say it's absolutely critical or very important to interact with a salesperson who has trusted a advisor, not a sales rep, who adds value to their business.   [1:30:25] Those are those are the big companies. Those are the ones that spending the big shit bucks. They don't want somebody to go like, "Oh, you need this. I can sell you this." They want somebody to go like, "Oh, you need that. Why are you sure that's what you need? Maybe we should look into that." And then you charge them to look at it.   [1:30:48] You ever get a CT scan for free or an X-ray for free? Shit no. You got to diagnose what's actually going on. And you get can get paid for that shit Like it's a lot of money when you got to put six or seven or eight people on a on a campaign or a client and do all this work or coach them or whatever it is that you do in your business. That's a lot of money.   [1:31:18] The more people that have to like touch it and all this work you got to do versus like analyzing their business. That's not as much work, is it? You're already probably doing it. You're just either not charging for it or you're not charging enough or you're not making it enough of a clear process of your business.   [1:31:42] You're giving it away for free or you're undervaluing it and the client doesn't feel like it's valuable. I've heard so many people say, "Yeah, but our clients say they don't need a strategy." That's the biggest key indicator they need a shit strategy.   [1:32:02] They don't know what they're doing, right? The minute you let your prospect tell you what they need to solve, what they what they need to solve your their problem is the minute they stop seeing you as an expert because they now know better than you. You get it?   [1:32:25] You've felt it with clients. They're like, "Well, can you just do this for us?" I hate that. and you just do is code for like we're going to rip you off, right? They stop seeing you as an expert. You're a what?   [1:32:45]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Vendor vs Trusted Advisor"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Comparação visual entre ser visto como vendor (substituível) vs trusted advisor (indispensável), ícones ou símbolos representando cada status.   [1:32:50] When you when when you're treated like that in your business, what are you actually a vendor? I mean, anybody be called a vendor, right? You treat it like a vendor, right? What what does vendor code for? Easily replaceable.   [1:33:08] I'll just go get somebody else who can make the button click. I'll just go get somebody else that can develop the page. I'll just go somebody else can coach me. I'll just go get somebody else that can do this or that or the other because they don't see that you can do anything shit different than anybody else.   [1:33:28] Going all the way back to the beginning of my presentation, man. You're not differentiated enough and you're not valuing the thing that's most important, the strategy, the analysis, the assessment. Obviously, there's a million names we can give it depending on what you do.   [1:33:48] But the reality is you need to know their shit root cause of their problem at a level they can't even understand. Because like I'll just use the doctor example again because it's more obvious which is like you walk in it's like I got the shoulder playing doc and then they do all the analysis and they go actually of inflammation from a shit kidney and it traveled up to there like oh damn   [1:34:18] yeah here's what we got to do about it. You need to trust that person aren't you? So what about with your clients when they walk in or you talk to them and it's like I've got this problem. I just need this. I need that. And you go okay well what else? And how do we know it's that?   [1:34:42] And you know, yeah, that's a that's that's a problem, but there's like six or seven other things that it could be. And if we make the wrong decision, we cut you open or we start working on your business. It's going to could cost you your business, could cost you time, could cost you money.   [1:35:05] Why don't we dig in and understand exactly what's causing this first and then when you spend the big bucks, we can do what's going to have the biggest impact for you. That feels different, doesn't it? That feels like a shit expert, right?   [1:35:25]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Operate Like a Consultant"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Declaração de ação em destaque, possivelmente com ícone de consultor ou estrategista, representando mudança de mindset.   [1:35:30] You got to operate like a consultant. Uncover what your prospects can't see and tell them the strategy to get there. And sell them, not tell them. Sell them the shit strategy. You got to be a trusted adviser. Shit that vendor shit Like, no, you don't want to be replaceable.   [1:35:55] It's a lot. Like, how much? Got it. Perfect. Um, how much harder is it to get a new client than it is to sell more to an existing client? Way harder.   [1:36:12] Way acquisition cost is your biggest cost to shit revenue, isn't it? When you think about it, you break this down and you think like like a McKenzie and you go, what's costing your business the most is the amount of money it costs to acquire a shit customer.   [1:36:32] You guys know that, especially marketers, right? OAZ, whatever. We're saying basically the same thing in a more specific sense. It's like how much does it cost me to get somebody and then how long does it take me to get enough money for them to justify lifetime value that initial upfront cost?   [1:36:55] Well, if you can increase your retention of that client because they see you as a trusted adviser like shit we didn't even know this was a problem. These guys are brilliant. That's a different game. You can also see how you can charge a lot more for that for your both your services as well as the strategy.   [1:37:18]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "He Who Controls the Strategy Controls the Business"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Declaração poderosa em destaque máximo, possivelmente com ícone de coroa ou cetro, representando controle e poder estratégico.   [1:37:25] He who controls the strategy controls the business. It's the truth. That's why it's like nobody at I don't want to say nobody obviously you know the majority a large percentage of the big companies or anybody that can afford like a deoid or Mackenzie or Tata or whatever.   [1:37:48] That's why you could I can go in there and say like well how does this actually impact the bottom line of the business? And they're like huh? Mackenzie shit knows.   [1:38:02] Do you want the other craziest secret that I learned after after really getting into all the the consulting side of the world and understanding that? Um, they're never wrong.   [1:38:18]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Consultants Are Never Wrong"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Declaração provocativa destacada, possivelmente com escudo ou armadura visual, representando proteção contra culpa.   [1:38:25] See, let's use marketing again as example. You're running ads and they and and they have a month where their revenue is down. Whether or not it was directly impacted by your ads, you're like, "Our revenue is down. What you're doing isn't working.   [1:38:45] Well, now let me let let me transport that into the bigger corporate world because they do the same shit right? Just just more zeros. They do the same shit It's like, "Oh, yeah. You're the the marketing's not working. This agency isn't working out. We need to go find another one. Like, they're just not getting us the numbers that we need."   [1:39:12] They blame the agency and then the a I mean, they Yeah, they blame the agency. And then the client goes to Mackenzie. He's like, "Hey, these guys aren't working." Or actually, let let me tell sorry, let me back up for a second.   [1:39:28] So, the client's like, "This shit isn't working." And they'll go to like the the consultant or the strategist and they'll like, you know, "This isn't really working." You know what the consultant or the strategist says? "Yeah, let me see what they're doing."   [1:39:48] And they're like, "Yeah, they're not they're not doing exactly what we did or they're not doing it as well as we implied it. You need to get a new shit agency. That's the problem." McKenzie and those companies of the world have insulated themselves. They can't be wrong, right?   [1:40:12]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "The Medical Analogy Extended"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Extensão da analogia médica: radiologista (estrategista) vs cirurgião (executor), mostrando quem leva a culpa.   [1:40:18] Think about had it in the doctor sense. It's like, well, I still got pain here. Like, do they go do they go to the radiologist and blame the radiologist? The one who did the analysis? What's really going on? No, they blame the shit person doing the work, the surgeon.   [1:40:42] Oh, yeah. See, look, look, the very clearly the CT scan shows this. And obviously the doctor, the surgeon didn't follow it. Exactly. I'm my malpractice uh insurance is much lower than his for that reason or hers. You get it?   [1:41:02] Who's going to blame the person that analyzed it? Not very often. Not saying that you can't, but again, you got to control the shit strategy. You got to understand underneath the surface level shit   [1:41:22]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Surface Level vs Deep Problems"   NÚMEROS:  1-2% visível vs problemas reais embaixo   VISUAL:  Iceberg visual ou camadas mostrando sintomas superficiais (topo) vs problemas raiz (fundo), representação visual de profundidade.   [1:41:28] See guys, what you see on the outside world is all surface level shit 2% of what's really going on behind the scenes. And now you know it's a disaster behind the scenes with every company which should give you more confidence to go and get bigger companies if that's what you want to do or at least charge more for your the value of your services.   [1:41:55] But like you're like the the symptoms the problems that your clients are presenting to you are one or two% of the issue. It's the same thing. It's like underneath all of that is like is it a click-through rate problem or is it a creative problem? Is it even a creative problem or is it a positioning problem? Is it even a positioning problem or they in the wrong shit market?   [1:42:25]  📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ─────────────────────────────  TEXTO:  "Upstream vs Downstream Value"   NÚMEROS:  Não especificados   VISUAL:  Diagrama de rio ou fluxo mostrando upstream (estratégia, alto valor) vs downstream (execução, baixo valor), setas indicando fluxo de valor.   [1:42:32] See, if I solve a click-through rate problem, I get this much money. If I sell a shit market positioning or go to market shit strategy, my value is much higher, isn't it? The further you are upstream, the more money you make.   [1:42:52] That's why the Mckenzies and the consulting companies make so much money. They're all the way at the top. The further you are downstream in the process, the less you're worth. You're fixing a tiny problem. You got to figure out what's a big shit problem here.   [1:43:15] And again, I'm not saying to not continue to sell what you sell and do what you do. But what I'm telling you is to start thinking shit bigger. Acting a little bolder and going like, "Hey, really, where's our value here?" Does that make sense? Awesome.   [1:43:38] I only got a couple minutes. Any questions?   [1:43:45] Yeah. So obviously you know you're marketing online and you kind of join the ranks of us small businesses that push for like sales and stuff like that when you when you position content bucket impressions what things have you found that areable that still drive on scale   [1:44:08] are you saying like on the big corporate side or you saying like what from the big side is applicable to because there's such a big brand and impressions and views and you know it's all a positioning exercise and then in the small business side that we plan it's a lot more direct to revenue type of action. So is there anything or what things you know from your big brand did you find that is actually applicable and helps drive revenue on   [1:44:38] Yeah the yeah yeah the strategy I mean there's other stuff too but the strategy is really key because again we we often just jump right into the tactic but if you work on the strategy first and figure out like okay well is it really this and and here's the thing when you think about strategy I'll put it this way whether you're talking about small business or big or even just a strategy for like anything in life is you got to go like it's all based on probability right it's   [1:45:15] Not like, "Oh, we do this." Like, I hate, and this is an internet marketer thing. It drives you nuts, though. It's like, "We guarantee this." Can you shit really guarantee most shit in life? Not really. There's always some variable outside of your control.   [1:45:35] I'll just tell you, this is a total side note. When you're guaranteeing something, you better make full control around that. And and there's not other outside variables that impact it because otherwise, you're just taking a gamble. You're putting yourself your life on the line there.   [1:45:55] But my point of that is everything is in probability. what's going to give us the greatest probability to reach the client's outcome that they want. Maybe that's changing the creative in this sense. Maybe that's this other avenue. Maybe we need to reposition.   [1:46:18] But when you can your client, you can articulate and your client can see that you understand the outcome that they want and you're helping them develop a path to actually get there. That's actually where then finally when they see that it clicks in the client's head like, "Oh shit."   [1:46:42] Because let me ask you guys, why are you all here? You want somebody to go like, "Here's what you should do next." Right? We're all looking for the just tell me what to shit do. Tell me how to get there. You all have a goal in mind. Business growth, revenue, profits, lifestyle, whatever it is. You all got a goal in mind.   [1:47:08] You come to this and other things because you're hoping that you're going to take away a thing that's like this is how I get closer to that. But do you see that's what everyone wants. It doesn't matter it's a Fortune 500 or it's a small business. is like everyone just wants to know like what's the shit path I should be on. Sell the path.   [1:47:35] Any other questions? Yep. going to have so much time versus hire people, you know, clients versus getting someone else that's like you that want to work with your company versus doing their own thing. You know, what's that response between around you consultant expert?   [1:48:00] I see what you're saying. You got to think of it the same way. It's like, you know, you just instead of thinking about like, okay, I got to hire a media buyer. It's like I got to hire a strategist or I got to hire an account executive person that has strategic thinking and teach them how to run a process because that's the other part of this that obviously I don't have time to get into is like you run it like a process.   [1:48:28] It's like okay we're going to analyze this business. Well, what do we do? Right? It's just like think about it's like okay first we sit down take their blood work do the X-ray. You can teach people to do that at a much lower level than you. So it's just like hiring somebody in any other tactical position. It might be a little bit more high level but you can also teach people how to run the process.   [1:48:58] Um, so that like and for example, and I have a a deck on my laptop if anybody wants to see it. Um, like when McKenzie or any of those agencies, uh, consultants charge, it's like for a team and it's like the the the people at the top, they spend the least amount of time. It's all the junior people doing all the work and they kind of review it. Um, so it's got it's it's the same thing, right? So you can kind of stack it. Just think of it as another position.   [1:49:32] Yeah. I have two questions. You sort of seen it seems to where do you see it going? Wow, my crystal ball. Um, where do I see marketing going? Yeah, sure. What trends do you see like elevating?   [1:49:55] I think any anyone that can really connect um like tech platforms, AI in a way that has a tangible impact, not just a like fluff fluff and utter on the shit top shit because that's most of what's out there right now is like, "Yeah, that sounds cool, but like what is it? What is it really doing for me?"   [1:50:22] Anyone that can connect those dots because and this is just a side tip. If you eventually get to the point of where like you know you got to operate like a consultant when you sell and it obviously like here's the thing. If you can all of a sudden go from like including your strategy in that onboarding to like carving that out and now charging an extra 10K for that up front, that's money for the same thing you were already going to do but a lot more.   [1:50:55] So you're just adding profit right to the bottom line. But then when you're talking about like marketing and the in the future it's really like okay is it a software play? Is it an AI play? probably both because if you've got a platform where it's like hey self-service and then we have service on top of it that allows you to be much more scalable and take advantage of like AI   [1:51:25] because obviously we're just in the early days of this and it's going to continue to explode but most of it's going to be shit fluff. So if you can figure out how to make it tangible for the the niche or the types of customers you're going out after it can be extremely profitable.   [1:51:48] My second question is you mentioned skateboarding. I've definitely seen like a large uptick of skateboarders who are entrepreneurs like Taylor. What do you think that correlation is?   [1:52:05] I think I think some of it's the influencer culture, right? Like because when I did it, there was no Instagram and YouTube and whatever. So, you just had to wait for the the monthly magazine to come out or the escape video. Now, it's like, you know, obviously it's all over. So, there's an opportunity if you're doing cool shit   [1:52:32] um is obviously a very visual and you know daredevilish type of a type of a thing, right? Like sometimes I'm like I'll go down the rabbit hole and parkour shit I'm like my god that dude jumped off a 10-story building and slid down a pole. Was he have a death wish? But I'm shit watching it, right? So there's that element. I think that's a big piece of it.   [1:52:58] And there's a real cap on that market. It's so finite. Not a lot of not of a lot of them are going to get like real big sponsorship money. So they got to go somewhere else. Wrap up.   [1:53:15] Yeah. Any last minute ones before Jeremy wraps us up? real quick. You kind of said it there. So for us, we're our bread and butter is obviously just the ongoing service lead genen for our chiropractor clients, but we do a decent amount of strategy and um troubleshooting because a lot of problems are often on the back end, but yeah, we don't charge special or extra for it. So your recommendation would be maybe make it more valid process for that and make it into the upfront like onboarding and build and like   [1:53:52] Yeah, I I would break it out in phases. We break it out in like our first phase. We do this to analyze the business and come up with a strategy and put all the content together. And then we move into our second phase where we deploy it. And then we move into our third phase where we analyze it.   [1:54:15] And then quarterly or half annually or whatever it is, we then do a full deep dive analysis and then make major strategic adjustments based on it. Does that make sense? Cool. Sweet. Give it up for Brian.     📊 RESUMO EXECUTIVO   NÚMEROS PRINCIPAIS: 1997: Início da jornada empreendedora (15-16 anos) 1999: Primeira venda - 4,000-5,000 cópias de vídeo de skate 2004: Launch da empresa de produção 2005: Ponto mais baixo - $250,000 em dívidas, $50,000 não pagos, vivendo no sofá por quase 1 ano $800: Investimento no evento Tony Robbins (decisão crucial) $90,000: Primeiro grande contrato após mudança (3 semanas para fechar) 14 meses: Tempo para sair de $250k em dívida e fazer primeiro $1M em receita 2009: Pivot para agência, compra do sócio 2011: Reunião transformadora com headhunter de agências 2016: Launch do vlog - $48,000/mês de aluguel de escritório (12,000 pés quadrados) 7 episódios: Duplicou seguidores em 5 semanas 2.4 milhões: Views agregadas nos primeiros 7 episódios (> audiência média prime time ESPN) 9 episódios: Conseguiu A-Rod e JLo como clientes Menos de 30 minutos: Tempo para JLo vender toda linha de makeup Lucro JLo em 1 dia > múltiplos anos de deal com Kmart $100M: Receita adicional gerada para Tropicana em 1 trimestre 2020: COVID - 3 meses sem acesso ao escritório 300+ pessoas: Consultadas durante COVID em 1.5 meses Meta de 6 meses: Atingida em 2 meses no novo modelo SMB   DADOS FINANCEIROS COMPARATIVOS: WPP (maior holding de agências): $18B receita, 0-3% margem lucro Deloitte (2ª maior consultoria): $65B receita, 15-20% margem lucro McKinsey (privada): $16B receita, ~30% margem lucro estimada Accenture: $30M pagos apenas para encontrar dados do varejista azul Crescimento após posicionamento (2011): Dobrou receita em 1 ano, dobrou novamente 2016: ~$5M antes do vlog → crescimento exponencial após investimento em marca   ESTRATÉGIAS E SISTEMAS:   Modelo de Negócio Consultivo: Vender estratégia separadamente dos serviços Cobrar por diagnóstico/análise antes da execução Estrutura em fases: Fase 1 (análise + estratégia), Fase 2 (deploy), Fase 3 (análise contínua) Análises profundas trimestrais ou semestrais   Posicionamento e Diferenciação: Escolher nicho específico (ex: sports & lifestyle) Ser expert em vertical específica Não competir em "faster, cheaper, better" - todos dizem isso Criar diferenciação real e tangível   Investimento em Marca Própria: Usar conteúdo não para atrair clientes diretos Usar como prova de capacidade para grandes contas Demonstrar resultados próprios como leverage em vendas "Look what we're doing for us. Imagine what we can do for you."   Abordagem de Vendas: Não aceitar o problema que o cliente apresenta Diagnosticar o problema real (como médico) Cliente não sabe o problema real - se soubesse, não precisaria de você Vender o caminho/estratégia, não apenas a execução   Modelo de Precificação: Estratégia vale tanto ou mais que serviços Adicionar $10K+ upfront apenas por estratégia Aumenta LTV e reduz CAC através de retenção Lucro direto ao bottom line   ESTRUTURA:   Framework Mental: 100% Accountability - mesmo quando não é sua culpa Risco + Ação Massiva = Mudança possível Não mudar = Falha garantida Agora é o momento (não está garantido amanhã) Já tem o que precisa - precisa aplicar diferente   Hierarquia de Valor: Upstream (Alto Valor):  Estratégia, Posicionamento, Go-to-Market Midstream (Valor Médio):  Criativo, Posicionamento de Campanha Downstream (Baixo Valor):  Execução, Click-through, Táticas   Modelo Consultor vs Agência: Consultores:  Vendem pensamento estratégico, não podem estar errados (controlam estratégia), 15-30% margens Agências:  Vendem execução, facilmente culpados, 0-3% margens Chave:  Quem controla a estratégia controla o negócio   Status de Relacionamento: Vendor:  Substituível, baseado em preço, executa ordens Trusted Advisor:  Indispensável, baseado em valor, direciona estratégia   Realidade Corporativa: Grandes empresas são caóticas por dentro Ninguém tem tudo junto Tudo mantido com "spit and sawdust" Aparência polida ≠ operação eficiente Exemplos: Brand de hospedagem alternativa só coleta dados de booking, varejista azul não sabe onde estão seus servidores   Lições-Chave: Pare de esperar permissão Agora é o momento de fazer o que realmente quer Se não mudar, está garantido a falhar Posicione sua empresa como algo único Seja claro na sua visão e invista na sua marca Tenha um negócio que seja seu estilo de vida   Princípios de Ação: Não compare seu behind-the-scenes com highlight reel dos outros 2% do que vê é real - 98% está escondido Todos se sentem sozinhos e questionam quando falham Problema não é você - é parte do jogo Pense MUITO maior do que está pensando agora   DURAÇÃO:  ~1h54m  FORMATO:  Keynote/Palestra presencial com slides e Q&A