3. 6 Figure Organic Webinars Through TikTok.mp4 The title of this is Six Figure Organic Webby. So, like Jeremy was saying, it's a belief that organic isn't for everyone. I think that I just got lucky and I have like a bit of a natural talent for just talking shit on camera. And trying to entertain people. I've always been a bit of an entertainer. I was like a really annoying five-year-old, and so, um, it kind of worked out in my favor as I you know started to grow a business that requires me to be kind of annoying on camera. So, six figure organic webby. So everyone knows basically kind of what a webinar is and how it works. Yeah. All right, cool. So I was running Webby's with this guy, Ben Bader, from like February, March of last year to November. Our smallest one, we did about 20K in two hours, and our biggest one, we did, like, 107. in two hours, which was sick. So that month that we did that, we were just running—um— our biggest month with Webby's. And everything else that comes after it was like 670. 107. Yeah, um and this is all organic. We had some paid kind of, but I don't think we got a single sale ever. Forbade. It was all. For the most part, all TikTok. Later in the year, I started to get YouTube and Instagram going, but it was all TikTok. And this is kind of what blew me up. So everyone kind of has like a... like a thing so ben and i were at dinner with this you guys know tjr trades homie six foot eight guy that looks like a rapper huh long hair guy yeah so His thing that like blew him up was kind of similar to this. He did like a 60 day, a video a day on YouTube bootcamp teaching people how to trade for free. And it was basically just this like really time consuming. but valuable offering to the community that kind of puts you on the map. And I was doing weekly webbies with a crazy fucking promotional schedule for like nine months straight. And this is kind of what put me on now, which is why we're still running between five and 650 a month. Mostly organic, we just started ads like a couple weeks ago. So who is a webinar for? Um, because it's not for everybody— if you have like no I was just talking to somebody that says, like, they're they're it's a kind of a grind to get views on any social platform, which is when you would just go straight to a fucking high ticket, like a VSL kind of thing. So if you are able to command 100K views a week, minimum, ideally more, you have a mass market offer, even better if it's like a make money online thing. So like, yeah, you could do this with a fitness thing. Yes, it's been done with a dating offer. You can fucking rip with a webby that's like teaching you how to do— you know, some sort of unique mechanism that requires education. Um, you also have to have an offer that you're willing to sell. It is between 300 and a thousand. If you're just going to do like a straight Piff Webby, I've seen people like one of Jeremy's clients, Tom Cruise, just Piff 4K off of Webby. It's not gonna happen for most people. You don't really have the personal brand. I don't think I could do that. Unless you're teaching someone how to make like two mil a year, like Tom. It's not gonna work unless you have a product that's gonna appeal to a bunch of people, which is around 300 to a thousand. And you have a personality that shines through on camera. So again, this is something you can train out of yourself. You don't have to be born naturally— just being loud and crazy. Like Brandon. For you, like, were you always like this, or did you kind of come out of your shell later? I remember not being like them, but it probably was early when it came. Okay, okay, gotcha. But you can train it. I've seen it happen. It's possible to do so. Why do a webinar? They're fun. They build a fuck ton of trust, which is what you're trying to do with a webinar. That's like the main purpose. They make money. And the most important is because it's like the closest thing you can do. Do to forcing someone to buy your shit. So when I launched my copywriting program back in September of 2022, it was like a half-ass sort of thing. It was like. Me and a partner who was kind of like— he had like an older LinkedIn style audience, like all the fucking dorks on LinkedIn— we had a wait list of like 10, 000 people. We launched it, and, um, we only made like 30k in our first day. On a list of 10, 000 you should be able to do way more than that. We've had like webbies that have been like three and a half times the size of that. And I was pissed to the point where I was just thinking, like, what could I do that's the equivalent of like going into these fucking people's houses and like forcing them to buy the shit. Like sitting down with them, putting my hand on their shoulder, and like just like guiding their hand to the cursor and clicking the checkout button. That's what I wanted to do. That's literally what a webinar is like. You're forcing to buy this shit. So, if you're ever going to launch anything, I don't know. I think you guys are a lot of agency guys. But if you have like a low-ticket product or even something that like you can use to book calls— a thing that you're trying to launch mass market. Webby is the way. So, there are three sales that need to be made and I think you've probably heard this before. There's three sales that need to be made when you're on a webinar when you're selling. You're selling the product. You're selling yourself as the person who can make it happen. And you're selling them. Like the customer, basically, that they can be the one to actually fucking do this shit. Like they can actually, because like everyone knows like no one's going to fucking get results unless they actually do the work. You have to kind of sell them on doing the work and like believing that they can. So obviously selling the product, that part's easy. You guys sell fucking products all the time. Selling yourself as the person that can do that. For me, I think my appeal. If I told you guys my age, you guys would be like, 'Dude, I was off by five years.' Like, I'm 25. I look 12. And I think part of the reason why I do well on TikTok in making the second sale, like selling myself, is because people think, like, 'This guy's a young dude. He's not super flashy. He's pretty relatable. I could probably do exactly what he's doing because the person that I sort of got the idea of copywriting from was the same way.' He was like a just a regular dude, frat guy, didn't really take anything too seriously. I was like, 'Yeah, I just make some money copywriting.' And I was like, 'That's sick. I want that.' I don't want to like build a fucking massive business. At least when I started, I wanted to just make a couple grand a month. That's what these people are kind of going for. And if you can show that in yourself, you're perfect. And then selling themselves, they can actually get what they want with the thing you're selling. Just talk about how easy it is. Talk about how attainable it is. Really sell the dream. As long as you're doing it in a borderline ethical way, you're good. Okay, so in terms of the actual structure of selling this shit. There was, like, this bootleg Loom video that went around like end of 2022, early 2023. It was, you guys know, Will Rivera, Will Change Lives. One of the info goats like at his peak was ripping like almost three million a month, mostly from paid, but some organic, and just crushing mostly with webbies. He had this webinar instruction. It was so fucking easy to follow. And he had a Loom video of him going through the shit and breaking it down. It doesn't exist anymore. I don't know what happened. Me and Ben were sharing the shit around. We should have loomed the loom video because that shit got deleted somehow. We stole that with the entire structure from Will Rivera. He stole it probably from someone else, and then that guy probably stole it from someone else. So there's like really like one major structure that everyone kind of uses. This is the thing that you need to think the least, if you just like. I'm going to show you mine in a sec. But once you kind of, once you have like the main webby structure, like you don't really have to touch it much. All it's going to change is the presentation. The actual presentation is just your energy and trying to fucking make it good, okay? Also, if anyone knows Jason Fladlian, he's like the webinar goat. He did like 100 mil. off webby's i think in the last like 10 years or something like that so he's solid. I watched a bunch of his there's like an hour-long interview that you just watch on youtube if you're trying to do webby okay. So, let's talk about the content. So remember what I said, you need to be able to command 100K views a week because most people aren't going to convert. Um, like most people aren't even gonna care enough about you to like what, like click the link in the bio and sign up for your webinar. You need to have a fuck ton of volume. And the content needs to be centered around solving a certain problem, obviously, or an opportunity that people need to know about. So copywriting is cool. It's a cool niche because it's like a legit business model that people have been doing for a long time. But no one really talks about it. It's not as sexy as e-commerce or high-ticket sales or... TikTok shop or something like that, so it's kind of a cool little pocket that I have where it's like enough people haven't heard about it where I can kind of like train their brain and put them on, um, call the actions in every single video and make it sound valuable. So real quick, we'll just skim over it. The structure for any sort of video is like: you have the hook. And you have what's called the super hook. And then you have sort of like a mini call to action, which is sort of insinuating that you're going to give them something at the end. And then you have whatever the fuck content you're going to talk about in the video, whether it's a listicle or a story or whatever. And then at the end, you have a bigger. To action, I'm going to show you some like the top four best performing like Webby Tick Tocks I ever made that drove a ton of registrants. Two of these were in the week that we did, 107 off a Webby, and I kind of made i didn't really understand what i was doing i made them by accident. Um, okay. Also in the thing, don't call it a webinar, call it a master class or a free training. I kind of coined the term free class, people started using that because it just sounds people are kind of wise to what a webinar is now. So they don't want to be like, they don't want to just sit through an hour of training and they get sold. Um, and then okay, so the play is when you're promoting, and this is a lot. Like this is why I kind of stopped doing it because it's just really fucking demanding. You start promoting five days out. So we would go Thursday night at seven o'clock. That was our Webby time. Sunday morning, first video. And you can just let that one ride. Video Monday morning, Monday evening, and then go live at night for like 30 to 40 minutes. Going live is actually huge. And you can do this, like now that I have like an audience on Instagram, at the time I didn't. You can go like dual live. If you want YouTube, you can do that too. Um, those are really solid. Just allows people to sort of get to know you better. Tom Cruise started doing um, he was going live for like nine hours a day. I don't know how he was doing it. I don't know how he had nothing else to do. Like that made people love Tom so much because they're just on all the time. If you think about like a streamer, people fucking love Aiden Ross, Duke Dennis, like all these little kids because they're sitting there watching them. For like fucking like all day. They're live all day. And this kind of got me to the point with between lives and videos and all the other stuff that we're gonna talk about. It gave me this idea of what's called a trust hour. So. The theory, at least for me, was Every one hour. That you get someone to sort of consume content from you is like a hundred bucks that they're willing to spend. It's different for everybody, it depends on the market, it depends on the product. But for the shit that I was selling on the webinar, the one that I got locked in because I was doing it so much. One hour spent with me was $100, they were willing to spend on a thing. My thing was $700. So I had to figure out a way to get them to like, it's not going to be full seven hours, but you basically like it's seven different times. So, for example, I have video on Sunday morning and then Monday morning and evening, so AM, PM on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and then on Wednesday, the day before the web, you're going live AM, PM. And then Thursday, same thing, all the videos, but you're going live on all platforms 90 minutes before you actually do Webby for about 45 minutes. This is actually when you get the most registrants. People just start piling in. Um and so, with all this time that you're spending with the people that are watching this, if they're actually interested, they really get to know you. And again, this is kind of what launched me was because I spent so much time with these. They just wanted to buy something. They did most of them, didn't even really care about copywriting. Like, the number of people who have bought this just for like, just for Mason content. They don't even really want to do anything like none of these motherfuckers get results. Not because the course sucks, but just because they don't give a fuck. That's not why they're there. Um, but just like being everywhere is really going to help you. This is like this works, whether you're fucking Brandon Carter and you got millions of followers, or if you're just starting out, you got like 10k. So, let's go through some of these TikTos. I remember that's all recorded in my head, like when I would let a tick-tock fly and not all these are the most viral videos ever, but they converted like fucking crazy. I don't know why, but I was just. Two of these were like from like late July, early August. I remember like just refreshing the webinar jam app on my phone and just watching the shit go up by like 100, like every every like 30 minutes. It's sick, super sick. So let's watch some of these. I understand, like, you guys aren't gonna like, like, you're you guys probably aren't my audience. Just picture yourself as like a 19-year-old college kid who makes 13 bucks an hour working seven hours a week. Okay, and what this would kind of make you feel like. If there's one piece of advice you can take about making money, please let it be this. If you're wondering why you should listen to me, I became a millionaire at 24. I make hundreds of thousands of dollars a month profit. So listen. Too much everyone watching this is about three months away from making six figures. By six figures, I mean between 10 and 15 grand a month. You could take just my free advice, do everything I say, and send 50 DMs and 50 emails a day to the people that I tell you to reach out to. Do that for three months and don't fuck it up, and you will be at six figures, no problem. Ooh, why isn't it saturated? Why isn't everyone doing this? Same reason that you haven't done it, bro. No one wants to actually work. Nobody wants to put in the reps that it takes to make money. If you want money bad enough and you're willing to just do exactly what I say, then you will make money. No matter if you listen to me or listen to some other dude on fucking TikTok or YouTube or whatever, it doesn't matter. Three months. Lock in for three months and you'll have everything you want. The car you want, the house you want, the trip you want, everything you want, it's yours. Three months. Okay. So, you guys gonna... If you were watching, you'd see like... The first thing was my conviction was really high. Like, when I'm saying this shit... The way I say it. Makes people fucking believe me, like, like this is a thing that again you can train because it's not about charisma or camera presence, or like, natural born. Just like people want to, it's like you can just say things more passionately and people are gonna get it. A lot of you guys like— if I said that differently and I was like, 'Did you know that you could make money in three months if you just learn copywriting?' Like, no one's gonna give a about that. But if you like, if you make it sound urgent, almost like it makes people like it makes their heart rate go up a little bit, and then also, what I did was I made some of the three sales that I plan on making in the webinar in that video. So I'm kind of like pre-selling them. So I told them about, I kind of handled the objection of, like, 'Why isn't everyone doing this?' Because you haven't fucking done it. You're still here. Like, what's different about you? Why haven't you done it? That's the same reason no one else is doing it. It's because you're lazy. And then also kind of gave them the idea of, 'Yo, three months, really?' It's enough curiosity for them to want to learn more. I don't exactly know why that one in particular went viral, but it got like two and a half million views maybe. And that was a solid one. So that one ran the fuck out of registrants. And I remember that. I was in a hotel in West Palm, about to go on, actually, my second ever date with my now girlfriend. So I remember that one. All right, let's go to another one. Okay, so this one. Okay, I think this is the millionaire one, so let's check this one out. I recently became a millionaire like a month ago. And it's really not that great. Everyone's chasing these goals like, oh, I want to be a millionaire by 30 or some shit like that. Becoming a millionaire is like the 63rd best thing that's happened in my life. My actual favorite career moment is finally earning a little bit of money so that you know that it's real. When I started copywriting, I was like the most skeptical person in the world. I was like, 'How the fuck? Can anyone do that?' That was a thing that people online talked about, but no. Okay, so this one's long— we're gonna like kind of break it down as we go. So. This one did really well because... I sound like a complete dickhead. For someone that has no money, and I'm talking about how being a millionaire isn't that great. All of the comments were like, 'Okay, just give me a million dollars' and they thought it was fucking hilarious that they were saying that shit. And like, that's kind of the point. Like you can say 'dickhead' shit at the top to get people to comment because that's literally what makes videos go. Again, this one got like another 2 million views. Why just because people there's something dislikable about it like just dislikable enough. Where people don't like people are like trying to figure out if they fucking like you or not. And then, I'm already handling objections. I can't remember what the fuck I just said here. Um, something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where I was like, 'Oh yeah,' if you don't believe it, I used to not believe it. Where it was like, if you're sitting here thinking, 'There's no fucking way.' I used to think there's no. Fucking way, so I'm sort of relating to them on that aspect and I talk about how, like, the first step of it you don't have to wait until being a millionaire three five years down the road to get all the dopamine you want. You'll get the dopamine like I said in the last video, like three months in when you just fucking crack the code you're making $5,000 a month. Let's keep going. No one in the real world could actually do it. And then I did it. And in my first month, I made $4,500. For me, that was like going from zero to $4,500. So my income, literally, $4,500 X, I guess, right? Best part is that's something that I think anyone can do. Anyone can make a couple of grand. Doing copywriting, and that feels way better than being a millionaire. Millionaire is like a given, right? If you start making money with... Okay, again, so I'm setting their expectations down here. So that they want—like, I'm making them basically want three grand a month more than they want a million. So again, and like, and it's still related, like the way I'm presenting it. Also, I was fucking like 30 pounds heavier in this. I looked even younger than I do now. My hair's all fucked up. It's been a long week. Like people don't see me as a Grant Cardone guy in a suit. I'm a regular ass dude. It's a really good way to spin it if you're trying to sell regular ass people. Okay? With freelancing, for example, you're going to hit $5,000 a month guaranteed. You're going to hit $10,000 a month. You're going to hit $20,000. And you'll probably change it up and then do something different that gets you to $50,000 and then $100,000. And then you're going to be a millionaire. Like, it's just going to happen. You don't think that you can get to that first 5k because you've never actually done anything like that before, because you're watching this right now. You're watching this going okay, another internet guy talking about how I can make money online. 'Nangadathan,' it's real, I'm telling you. Okay. Handling more objections, handling the objection of like this guy— he's just a fucking guru. No, I'm not. I'm just a regular dude. I used to think the same thing as you do. This is huge when you're trying to talk to normies, bro. When you're trying to talk to people like Jeremy, you can say whatever the you like. When you're selling to us, you can talk about business. You want us to think that we're poor for under a million a month. You can't tell them that you got like, you know, I mean, it's very different. So. Like this is, I think this video is almost done. From someone who was sure it was a scam, like three years ago, and now I'm here, I'm telling you it's real. The only thing is, like the effort thing, right? Playbooks out there, you can get it. Some of it's free, some of it costs money, but you can get the playbook. All you have to do is actually apply what these people say. As long as you have two brain cells to rub together, then you can do it. You don't need money. You don't need experience. You don't need anything. From scratch, from zero. If you actually try, you can make 10K in a month this year, for sure. Do a class on this for free. So, if you want to come learn from me, just sign up. In the bio. So for anyone who gives a fuck enough to stay to the end of the video, they're already bought in. They're gonna sign up to the fucking free class. Okay, let's watch. There's maybe one more because this is taking longer than I thought. level of nonchalant insignificance that you place on it. Exactly. It's not a big deal. If you treat it like it's not a big deal, people love that way more because they don't want to undertake this massive heroic journey of going and building a fucking business that's like for the Tom Cruise guys to do where it's like those are the guys that want to make crazy money. None of the people in my program really want to make that much money— they just want to kind of get by. You know what I mean? Which I don't mind. I'll tell you how to do that. Pay me $5,000. Literally, everyone that complains about not having enough money is like two months away from doubling their income. Let's say you make $60,000 a year. You work 40 hours a week. That means you'd have to make $5,000 a month elsewhere so you can double your income. Really not that hard. And it might not even take you two months. Go to this website. Okay, by the way, do you notice how every single time, about 10 to 15 seconds in, I have that little... Thing that shows up on the screen, kind of freak operating class, you need to have that in there. If you're gonna do these, you need to have it like early enough where, like, you'll catch the non-believers that aren't gonna finish the video. At the end, you have a harder picture of people that actually do give a but you have to catch these people first, just to, you know, put that in also too. If they're reading that, it's just inherent retention. If you're putting random text up on the screen in the middle of a video, it's gonna make them watch a little bit longer than they were going to. Make it count. Then choose a bunch of companies that you think you might want to work with, like just industries, right? You will then get access to the contact info of all the people who run those companies. You then send them an email. Based on the script that I'm going to show you on Thursday when you come to my free class. If you don't want to come, you can just wing it and probably say something like, 'Hey, Michael, found your company on Instagram and I love what you're doing.' Looks like you have a very strong mission-driven brand. Went through your website and your emails and I saw some opportunities to help you make a little bit more money. I'm a copywriter. This is exactly what I do for brands. Long story short, they're going to be like, 'Oh, that's interesting.' They're going to talk to you on the phone. You're going to say your price is $2,500 a month and you close them and then they pay you. You do that twice and then you either replace your income or doubled it. Everyone overcomplicates this, bro. It's not that hard. Okay, so that was pretty straightforward. Thank you. And just like a little mini tutorial. I don't know if you guys are at this point thinking, 'Fuck, how am I going to come up with enough videos to do fucking AM, PM TikToks for nine months worth of webbies?' I probably remade that video. Like a dozen or two times. It's like so many people miss this shit. You can make the same fucking video over and over and just hook it differently or have a different background when you're talking. Like I was in a hotel again for that one. If I did the same one in my fucking crib or here, people would think it's a completely different video. There's a guy on TikTok. Do you guys know this guy? He's an ex-alcoholic coke addict. And he's probably told this story. Like, I swear to God, in 60 different videos. This is the only thing he posts. He pops up on my For You page. Couple times a month. And he tells the same shit. I watched this video all the way through. He's like, first thing I wake up and I go to the gas station, buy a case of 99 bananas. Why? Because it fucking tastes like shit. You know what I'm talking about? And then I do a fucking eight ball of coke. Fuck my secretary. Yeah. Dude, same fucking story. It's entertaining enough. I'll keep watching. He's going to make 10 more of those videos the rest of the year and it'll keep printing. I don't even, if he had a webinar for how to quit coke. I wouldn't watch it because I don't want to quit. Um, Sorry, I'm just joking. I actually do want to quit. I'm still joking. Okay, last one. last one. So this one is like this: one is the most direct you can get when you're trying to promote a webby, because I'm it's off the back of someone kind of hating on me. So if you You are like, all of these have been very top of funnel, where it's like, it's not about copywriting. It's about making money. People don't want to learn fucking copywriting. People want to learn dropshipping. They want to make money. So it's like, okay, money, money, money. Here's kind of how you do it. Come to the free class. This one's very direct. It's the most, you can't just get on there. It's not Instagram. Ben is a client. Where they were doing webbies, and he literally, this guy's huge. He's got like a couple of hundred thousand followers on Instagram. He hops on, does a reel, just filming his face, boring as shit. I'm doing a fucking webinar on how to make money Amazon. It got like 5 ,000 likes. It like flooded the thing with registrants. You can do that. TikTok, no one gives a fuck about you. You can't do that. You have to like, you have to try harder. So this is kind of the way I spun that and if you have a comment that says like course'— This is exactly how you do it. Okay? Before I became who I am today, I started my business with $18 in the bank account. The reason it was so low is because I spent the rest of it on a course. That course ended up making me $300,000 as a copywriter in two years. So my life has completely changed— from one course, because I now make what I made in two years every single month. But I understand that not everyone can invest in a course, which is why I have a free option for anybody that wants to learn how to make 5 to $15 per month. I do a free live class every single Thursday, a bunch of people show up, and of that bunch of people, there's always 10, 20 people who will message me later and be like, 'Yeah, I actually made a bunch of money with this.' I'm rich now. This is why I am the CEO of Money Talk. I'm the only one giving away free stuff that's better than everyone else's paid stuff. So if you want to learn how to make some money, you can come to my free class. Link in bio, Thursday. Again, super fucking chill. Not trying to pressure the sale. Just like if you're already here and you hate courses, my shit's free and it's better than all the other paid shit. You'll be fine. Okay, so let's kind of move faster because it's been like how long? Do I have a time limit? Okay, all right. Okay, so on tick tock, most important part— just to recap: educating, making it sound attainable, and being the type of person that they want to learn from. That was really what I focused on. Again, it's basically two of the three sales that you're gonna make on the webinar on the actual funnel. I never fucking, I've literally never logged into ClickFunnels in my life. So I don't know how this shit works. Ask him, basically, how it works is sales-based to sell them on the idea of actually coming to the thing. You can put a VSL on there. I recently just did that for the last webinar I did, which is like two weeks ago. And it seemed to do all right. Um so it's like a VSL as to like why you should opt in. Then they opt in. You got a success page video that talks about more of your story and what they're about to get hype them the up like because show rate is huge. Most of the time. If you can get a 50 show rate even on organic that's good enough. That was around where we were. Where we floated. Make people watch more of your content. So like you can do this via email. You can just put it on the fucking like thank you page. I had my YouTube plugged in. I also had a Telegram group, which I never really hit. Just basically like right before we go live. Sometimes I'll send them a little fucking, I'll just take shit from Twitter that they probably haven't seen and I'll just throw it in there, but just more nurture, right? and then, so yeah, that was the get them to join, like a satellite group, so you can do school, if you want, you can do Telegram, you can do like the broadcast channel on Instagram, if you want. And then... For emails, I know you can go crazy with emails, and I know, like, this is the one that I teach. So I should be going crazy, but we really didn't. We had three emails, and it would go basically: one would fire the day they signed up, and then the next day, and then right before. So it would be: email one is why they should be hyped about the model— so you're selling, I would sell them on copywriting. It's like copywriting is the thing that got me from this to this. It's great, it's better than dropshipping because you don't have to have inventory, you don't have to spend money on ads, you don't have to do anything. It's a fucking free business model that you can make potentially $25,000, $30,000, $35,000 a month. Email two is social proof that your webinar, not the fucking course you're going to sell at the end, but the actual webinar produces results on its own. So I didn't have this at first, so I had to kind of fake it. Like, I would literally just take testimonials from the actual course and I would say, like, this guy came to the webinar, but like, after time because I was doing it so often I would be live, and people would say, 'People would vouch for it.' They'd be like, 'Yo, I was on this dude's fucking webinar two weeks ago. I already signed a client. Or someone would say, 'Yeah, I joined like six months ago.' And like, I know it was a while ago, but like now I'm making 8K a month. And I would get, I probably had like 20 to 30 screenshots of like little mini testimonials. I would throw those in the email so social proof that the actual webinar produces results on its own is what you want to have because you want like you want to tell people that it's actually worth showing up to the thing, not just buying the thing. And then email three is tell them why they should stay till the end.' So just more hype, you can do a giveaway. I recently just did that we do is like a $500 giveaway to some random person. If you want to do that, like, 'Yeah, if you stay to the end, um, you might, you know, win $500.' And then the way you actually do that is like at the very, very end, you say, like, 'DM me on Instagram,' the keyword: 'win' or something like that, or a certain emoji that no one would ever guess. And then only those people will fucking know. And then you just pick out a hat if you want to do that. I didn't have Instagram. Like I had it, but like TikTok, I started making TikToks just for a bit of background. I started making TikToks when I had this bullshit fucking $50 a month Discord. You know David? You're a lazy fuck. That guy. Six-eight fucking long hair model guy— he was. He was a terrible business partner. He's a good dude. And so we were trying to fill this Discord, and I just started going crazy because Tate was going on TikTok and he was filling Hustlers University up. So I started that and it was kind of a joke. But like two of my videos popped off kind of right away and then I just had like another one that I made like a week later go crazy and so I got like 100k followers in like fucking like a month or two so that was just like my platform and I just always used it for sales and I just pivoted from the discord thing to this because it was just a way better model to monetize. What's up? Yeah. Thank you. I have an agency doing that now. We'll see if that actually works. No, no, it was all just my own shit. But. I know that this is the play. The webinar model is the play more so than the low ticket thing because I had. I was the most viral I'd ever been in like October, November, and December Q4 of 2022. I was like, actually, famous. Like, I could i could like walk around Miami and like get recognized by like men, women, children. Like, it was crazy because I had one video that I made while I was like literally high in a hotel room that got like 8 million views. And it was about, I was talking about nothing. Like, it was literally just me rambling about like how it's cool to have money. Flood the Discord, and I think in our biggest month in the Discord, we did like 130. I was splitting that with my boy. And then I had like maybe 10% of the views that I was getting then. Bro, I could post a fucking video of my feet. In that time on TikTok, and I would get like 300, 000 likes. It was crazy. Every single thing popped if I had a video under 100k, I considered a flop. I would put it on private, take it off my thing. Now... It's not the fucking same, it's different. So I would get on average like 10 to 50K per video, which is dog shit compared to what I had. But like, okay, so we started webinars in March. That was where I still didn't really own the company. So we only did like 32K, we half-assed it. April. We were starting to pick up with Webby's a little bit. Ben was like, why don't you just launch a high ticket thing off the back of the people who are purchasing already? So we did that halfway through April. And then we went, we did 140-ish in April. May was our first full month with all that shit. We went to 355. And then in August, we went to like 660 or something like that. So we made way more fucking money. Off webinars with this model than we ever did with low-ticket. I always say, 'Don't fight it's not worth it, because the charm will just kill you Um, anyway. So yeah, so with emails, yeah, email one, two, three, nurture is the name of the game. SMS is where it gets crazy. Um, so text when they register, okay? Text when you're 48 hours out, 24 hours out, 12 out, two hours out, one out, 10 minutes out, and then five to 10 minutes after you start. So you're spending. Thanks for watching! Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, right. Yeah, like little reminder emails. Yeah. Yeah. And Webinar Jam will send that shit too. You don't even have to do that. So one more time for the SMS. Text when they register. 48 out. 24 out. 12 out. Two hours out, one hour out. 10 minutes out and then five to ten minutes after you start the live Yeah. Yeah, these people hate you by the end of it. And. No, it really was. But you need that shit because that's why our show rate was so high. Every time we talk to another person who's doing a webinar, even if they have a strong personal brand, their show rate is like 20%. It's terrible. I'm 50. Yeah, like some of them for the smaller ones we get, like 60-65%. It's crazy. Oh yeah, that's the other thing too. Yeah so for those ones that was crazy too, so yeah like and that's what the best part about going weekly webbies is you start to compound not just the views on tick tock but you start to get a big list of people that have either they maybe they wanted to see one but they missed it because they were working or they watched it once and they, you know, they didn't buy but maybe they'll watch it again and this time they're sold. No, no replays because we want people to actually come live so I can sell their ass. Every single time. I know Tom. 90 minutes. Um, Yeah, I'll show you the slides in a sec. Um, but Tom, what Tom does is he'll hop on and be like, 'Hey, it's live seven—Oh, one, you know, it's Wednesday, whatever.' Um, all right, real quick. I'm just going to show you guys a video and then I'll come back on. And then he like transitions it to a fucking like of recording of fucking a webinar from like three years ago. He's wearing a different shirt. And like just no one seems to pay attention to the fact that like this is so not live. And he just gets to sit there on his phone for 45 minutes while the pitch goes, or not the pitch, but the training, and then he comes back and pitches, and then he makes fucking 200K. So yeah, all right, let me show you the slides and again, I'm going to try and do this real quick because I'll just show you like the main points. So, I have this is like an older one. But this is the one that I made the most money with. Most recently, we weren't selling actually like a course on the back of the webinar. We were booking calls. So, back, this was June 30th. Um, I did the exact same that I just told you— we were able to get 5, 500 people into like register for the webby. I think a little over 2K showed up. and then uh no, and then um at the end instead of selling the course and giving them the copy of a discount um we were just booking calls so we booked like 260 calls or something like that and we ended up collecting like 175 or something I don't know something like that but this one was the one we were just selling at $6. 99 and then the play was we would like basically I'll tell you more about it later but this is how it went okay so this is the thing I at the beginning I would always ask, 'Oh by the way, this is another thing too.' You got to get like I think they say like 10 yeses before you like actually go for a pitch. We got way the more that we got like 30. We would say like, 'We would ask questions.' Like, we just get people talking in the chat. We'd be like, 'Yo, what's up, what's up?' I'd play a song. It'd always be lit. Like it was always sick. Like I'd be sitting there with the fucking shades on, look like Jeremy. And the fucking Rolls Royce with the aviators. And I'd be playing like some bullshit rap song. And then I'd turn it down. I'd be like, 'All right, all right, where's everybody from?' And then start reading off the fucking thing. You got like thousands of people in there. So it's just like, and then you're like shouting people out. So it's like Houston, fucking Lagos. You know what I mean? Like you can do that. People get hyped that you're like, 'Oh, he said my city.' And then you go, 'I always like to know how they came.' So I was like, 'How'd you guys get here?' Did you come from TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, email? Like, where'd you guys come from? And then people, I also ask people like, how much do you make right now per month? Like, are you at zero? Are you at $5,000 a month, $8,000 a month, like $3,000 a month? Like, what do you make? A lot of fucking zeros, and I'd be like, it's a lot of fucking zeros, and our goal is to make that fucking, you know, $2,000 a month by the end of the month, something like that. Then you hop in. You have this. Not a webinar. This is me working at fucking Eastside Mario's back in 2019. This is me like two years ago on a boat with this guy. Me and my mom. Just like so, a little story. Talking real quick about how I came up. Okay, so. Like showing the baby numbers to make people think, like, this is actually totally possible and then, like, the dream outcome, which is where they want to be in, like, two to five years. Then you have, again, webby social proof to make people think, like, okay, like this is, you know, if I watch this shit, I can actually learn how to do this. So I show that stuff. How to get the most out of it, get people locked the fuck in. This is, I stole word for word from Will Rivera, super important. This is all recorded, right, Jeremy? Yeah. Okay, so I'm just gonna, like, fly through this shit. I need implementation, selling them on the idea of the need to actually do this stuff. Here's why this is actually free because people are like, we're just going to sell something at the end. No, I mean yeah, but here's actually why. Was this new and valuable to you? Yes. So more yeses. You're prompting this, like, vocally. It's not going to be on the screen, but you're just like, you guys, yeah, yeah, yes, give me a yes, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, Yeah, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. This is okay. So again, like the 10 yeses thing, like, yeah, we get 10, like 30 minutes in. This is when we get like another 10 or 15. So like we're just hammering that shit. We're like literally trying to get them to say yes. Yes. Yes, so that they fucking buy. Has this been well spent? Yes. Was this worth your investment? Yes. Here's why I know how it was worth it, because more story, okay? I never thought I'd be here humbly, okay? Now I'm like, all right, I'm not a fucking guru. I'm just like a regular guy that wanted to make a little bit of money. I was the same as you, right? Same shit I was saying on TikTok. Now it's time to execute. Here's my gift. Give me a yes if you want this gift. Here's why you're gonna want it. So this is where we get to the close. This part should be arguably as long as the training. I used to have a quick close because I was kind of like... inherently like I didn't want to sell. But... you should like the clothes could go on all night because this is people are going to be buying. It's not gonna as soon as you drop price; it's not like you have a thousand people right there. Just go and buy your it. Like it takes like 30– 40 minutes sometimes for people to be like, you know what? It. They get over themselves and they actually just do it. Okay. So, um, I just gave you the tip of the iceberg. You don't know enough to actually be successful. What if you get stuck? You don't even know how to write copy yet. 5% of the information, you only get 5% of the results. So really selling. And then everyone, this is where you kind of have to turn off the comments because people are going to be like, 'I knew it. I knew he was going to sell the course and they get all butthurt.' And it's like, 'Dude, like shut the fuck up.' Like I'm about to make, you know, 50K. Um and then uh, so you shut the comments off and just let yourself do the pitch. If I could, you know, benefit, benefit, benefit. Um, is that something you want? Yes, yes, yes, turn the shit back on because all the no's are gonna be washed out anyway. Okay. Okay. So there's a couple different ways to do this. This is just the way I like to do it. What you're supposed to do is go copy MBA, which is the main program. So it's you could say, like, that's the thing that everyone's buying. And then you drop price for that. And then you go, 'But if you buy right now, bonus, bonus, bonus, bonus.' And just drop like fucking eight bonuses that make your shit sound like it should not be $6. 99 like this is. If that alone is $6. 99 and I'm getting another $3,000 of value on the back end, this makes so much sense. But my audience is dumb. And as soon as they see a number, they get scared, they fucking X out the tab. So I have to pitch everything all at once and just make it sound valuable enough all together. Okay, so copy MBA. What it is. Show them inside. Social proof, social proof, social proof. Social proof, social proof. One of 20, okay? This is the perfect number. Don't fuck with the one of 20. I'm telling you, we tried that one time. We went to 30 because we just wanted to see if we could like. I don't know why, we just, why did we do that again? It was just a lot of purchasers and people, we didn't think people were buying it. They're like, there's no way you said more than 20 names when you're shouting out everyone's name when they said they bought. And so, like we were just going to, but it's all right. Just one of 20 because it slowed way the fuck down. There's less, or it's just 20 is the perfect number. Okay. Um, so we're only selling 20 of these ben in the background is like clicking down the arrow because it's manual, it's not actually 20 people, it's like it's like 150. And so, like, when you go live, every two or three minutes, you're clicking a down arrow that says like '19 left,' '18 left.' Okay, so that's what's happening. If you're one of the first 20, you guys didn't know that? Yeah, yeah. No, it's crazy. Okay, bonus, bonus, bonus. These, to be fair, these were like pretty shitty bonus. I don't really think it matters—like, what the actual course like— it's just not. I gave. I could give the shit away for free, like it's nothing more. Social proof, community, a school group that, like, I was never in. I immediately hired a fucking guy to go in there and answer questions for me—on a private job board, which was literally just copy and paste from like another job board that was also free. Um, this should cost $10k. This is where we anchor. Okay, so this should cost $10k, but then I go, 'Well, that's what they would say.' But I'm not a guru. I'm not gonna charge you $10k. That's ridiculous. And then we go. Um, basically, what the actual breakdown this would be: $2100, but today's price, click to find out. Ben clicks it, goes live, and then people start buying, okay? Oh, this is the Black Friday one. Oh, okay. Um, and then we also have the bonus, which is like one hour group call. So this is super important because this is how we were able to run up like decent months without having to do— we never pitched inner circle like the 4K thing at the time; it was 4K to anyone outside of purchasers. No one knew about it. All the traffic was going into the webinar because we were basically making them pay for two things. Um, and so yeah, so you like it. Was just like a Tuesday, you get the Q&A, a bunch of people would hop on it. It was usually sick. One-on-one raffle. I've never once in my life done a one-on-one with anyone from a webinar that was all fake. Um, the guarantee: if you actually tried it, so this, I actually honored. If you actually try this shit and actually give it a shot. And it doesn't work for 60 days, I'll get a full refund. Um. And yeah, that was fine. Worst case scenario, best case scenario type thing. So like these people, more stories. So this is like social proof, but just longer, right? So like you want to tell the full story of someone else. Okay, all this stuff. FAQs, more social proof in the FAQs, and then the crossroads close. My life doesn't change. I honestly don't give a fuck if you enroll or not, but your life will change. If you've been thinking about it, you're procrastinating. Go back to the way your life was before the free class, never do anything, red pill, blue pill kind of thing. Or you can invest literally a tiny amount of money into this shit. And get results. Um, talk about ROI. Work with me. Be held accountable. Do it yourself. Up to you here. As long as you need. Questions. So then, after that, Um, like we would just basically sell answer questions for like 20, 30 minutes after that, close it, go to dinner. So that shit was lit. And then. Couple more things before we hop off. What else do I have on here? And you're trying to change it. Thank you. Training to the close where we ask permission to sell something. Nah, I was gay. I just, nah. Because they would say no, bro. Because, like, my audience was all kids and women. And so, like, it would have been, like, it would have been, like, I don't want you. Like, they would have said no. I just, I'm going to tell you. Yeah, just get a bunch of bots in there. Yes, please, Mason. Okay. Um, okay. The aftercare. So again, immediately. Okay. So let me talk about the scam email. So this is something we ran for, we figured this out in May. We ran it every single week, same copy every single time. It was so the scam email was basically like right after the thing, like 10– 20 minutes after I go down, after I shut it off, we had technical difficulties. We actually have one more spot. If you want to grab this last spot, it's first come first serve. You got basically fucking two minutes. You got two minutes and if you click on this link and it's still live, the spot is yours. It's basically what I said. Links never fight. There was no 20. There's infinite spots and so we would get, we would collect another three to eight sales after that which would be like between a grand and, like, maybe... four grand. So it was worth it, like, it was a decent little email, especially like, that might sometimes be like, five, 10% of like, all of the sales. So not bad. And then again, group call five to seven days after Webby to do the Q and A and upsell something else. Is the original model? I'll basically just do a Q and A for 55 minutes and then, after I kind of got to know them, I was comfortable. I'd be like, I'm just leaving you guys with this. You don't have to do this because I know you just bought CopyMBA, but for some of you guys that are taking this super seriously. I have an inner circle— it's like you get to be closer to me and my coaches. It's very intimate. We really help you. You get one-on-one. You get this. We give you leads. If you want, drop the Zoom link in the chat. Here's the link. By the way, click that shit so you don't lose it because the Zoom's going to end. You're going to lose the link. But there it is. If you want it, there you go. Usually book. When we really peaked with that, it was probably like... We book like... 20 calls. After that, which was awesome, now that I think about it, I didn't even—yeah, it's like 20 calls off a group call when we first started. And that was it. So, stuff I've learned. Social proof is everything, before, during, and after. Clothes needs to be long. Energy can make a break. It's the difference of... $1,000. Okay. That's pretty much it. Any questions? What do we got? Okay. Brandon? Oh, when you say closing, you're wrong. Uh-huh. Au point de vue... Drop it. Drop the offer. Do you mean drop the offer early? That's where the offer is and they can buy the whole time? Or is it closed as long as they can save? No. So they can buy the whole time that you got yeah. So um, on the side, you have like the pitch. And then that's like kind of long, I guess. But then you have, like, okay, like urgency, urgency, buy it. And then, after that, like, after you drop price, it should be like another 20, 30 minutes of social proof. Your bonus is in social proof, and then Q &A. Right, yeah, yeah Q & A at the end like after the slides are done. Yeah. I don't, can you do that? I think you can do that. We never had to do that though. What we do have, though, is whoever was managing the webinar, people would say some crazy shit and I'm kicking them out. Yeah. Yeah. So like, yeah, you get people throwing slurs in there. We can't have that. So like, we got Ben like just going and X-ing through everything. and uh, some also too like we can highlight comments so if someone goes just bought so excited highlight that the whole room can see it and so then that's more social proof and then again. While I'm talking, he can type in the chat, go to left, highlight that shit. What's that? I always go nighttime. I always go nighttime, so I would go Thursday at 7. Eastern every single time. Recently though, and I just don't know enough about this way to do it to like really teach it, but we just did the call booking levy. Who was I telling about this? I was telling you. So we did it at... 2 o'clock on a Sunday. It was the 30th of June. And so, start at two, do everything, be done around 3:30, and we were booking calls. And so, we started booking calls at four, and we had, I had like five. closers gone, but we would have like slots filled, like four to five calls every 30 minutes from four till 10. So that's, if you're going to do a call booking webby, I would say do it earlier in the day so that you can just get the dopamine of same day cash. Um, but... yeah, no for something like that, yeah like they're going to bed, they're off work, you know, I'm in Thursday night. Is Thursday the best day to do it? I don't know, it worked for me. What do you think? You see more webbies. Not during football season. Yeah, not during football season. But, yeah, I mean, I wouldn't get too caught up in the day as long as it's not Friday night, Saturday night, or Sunday during football game. Yeah. We got to hang on to that. That's right. So, oh yeah, that's another thing too. It's like you can sell the next day. Um... Like you can usually pick up a bunch more because people will say that they're like in the comments. They'll be like, 'Yeah, I get paid tomorrow, fuck like I'm gonna miss the 20 and then you can just like you'd be like, 'Well, there was not 20 so you can just buy whatever you want Um, And so, yeah, so you send another scam email on Friday and be like, 'Actually, there's another technical difficulty. There's actually one more left. You just keep doing that till the kingdom come.' When you do the follow-up texting to the previous registrants, do you make them opt-in again? Think you have to. I think for compliance, like you have to, but I think right before for some reason, like so I wouldn't hit down a bunch so they get all the reminders, but I would send a SMS to the whole list right when you're going live. Like, 'Yo, I'm going live with the live link, so you can just hop right in there.' But they weren't getting every reminder unless they signed up. In your price point at $6. 99. I was going $6. 99. And I think we tried to go more expensive one time. I think. For yeah, we were ripping at 497 and then I talked to Tom Cruise on a boat one time and he was like, 'Dude, sell that shit for five thousand dollars' and I was like, 'That's not gonna work And then he was like, 'Raise your price, raise your price.' So I went to $6. 99. and that it made a bit of a difference. Like it evened out, like the conversion rate was lower, but we collected more so it didn't really it kind of like didn't really change anything. I think, like, yeah, between $497, $597, $697 is solid for something like that. Now that I know how to do a call booking webby, for you at least, that might be the play. You have such a big brand like I've seen people do, like a 1500 or 1997 on 3k on a webinar. It just depends on the audience. Like with yours, it's super B2C, mass market, low ticket, lower tickets, away. But you can go higher ticket if it's if your audience is more accustomed to that. Yeah. Any other questions, guys, over here? What's up? What's the follow-up look like after this, aside from the technical? Thank you. Yeah, I mean, so if you just wanted to buy after, if you know they went. So this is actually a cool thing about Webinar Jam. They have filters so like you can select. Did people show up? Did they, did they not show up? You can, you can even send a text. It's like, 'Hey, you missed out, but don't worry. I'm doing another one next Thursday.' And then get them to sign up again. You can also check and see if they stayed until certain time points. So like, you can see if they hopped off right away. You can see if they hopped off during the pitch. You can see if they stayed the entire time and still didn't buy. If you want, you can get creative as a marketer and think like, okay, like what would I say to these people who stayed until the pitch but then hopped off?' It's probably a price objection. Or probably they're like fucked up about courses. They just think they're all scams. And so you can do an email about, like, 'Okay, you know this is why courses are scams. This course did for me' or, if they stayed to the full end, then it's probably a price objection. Then you can say, like, 'You know what? If you want, you can offer another fucking hundred bucks off. Just see what you can collect.' or offer a payment plan, like we did. That too, like we would split it two ways. So, like, it was like 390 a month. I think at one point we started doing like a three-way. So, like 290 for three months, like that. Just sucked. You're dead— like you can't you can't put 390 into this. It's not; it's probably not gonna work out. Um, but yeah, you like, you can that's the cool thing about webinar jam. The only thing is you can't see what source they're from. Which is I hate that. I wish you could see where these people are coming from, and like, what the show rate is of people that come from ads, for example. Because we were blind. We had a high road. So we could kind of see— Oh, I was going to say Irish, but I didn't really mention the time. Uh-huh. Right. But it won't show you show rate, though. I guess it might show you clicks, but it doesn't show if they actually did anything. But Webinar Jam will show you everything else. It'll show you where the purchases come from, but that's about it. Anything else, yeah? What's up? Every TikTok? Um, yeah, I try and throw one in there like every if it's about some, sometimes I just do like random videos talking about whatever the um and I might not throw one in there, but at least it'll get views and that'll feed the live later. So if it's a Monday and I do a video AM where it's just like, here's a car that I thought was cool and I'm probably gonna buy it. That right, it might get a couple hundred thousand views, but it's not related to copywriting at all. But those people will see you later because you're gonna be live, and that's when you can throw up. Live is actually really just real quick. Let me touch on this. With going live, you gotta like... You're there just to, okay, so, like, a third of it is preaching. So, like, just basically, like, pretend you're making, like, a live TikTok. I would talk about, like, I would go on little rants for, like, five minutes at a time about, like, yo, people are so dumb, whatever, say some shit like that. I would and then I would answer questions. And then, every like five ten minutes, I would go, 'All right. If you guys are interested at all in what I'm talking about, I made all this money from copywriting. So, if you want to do this, I'll do a free class. It's fucking free. Just come to the free class. And then people will go in. And at least on TikTok, you can like, swipe off a live, and still hear it. So like, you'll get signups on the live, and then, like, yeah, every time you go, if you have like, I would usually get like 100 to 200 people live watching me, and then maybe like 2K viewers total. And depending on like what I talk about or who's on there, I would get between like 150 and 300 registrants just off of live. Are you going to post it once a day? I would try to shoot for twice. Yeah. Aurea, anyone? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Is that what you were doing there? Yeah, that's how I did it. I don't know if that's a huge game changer. I think it really does matter though, like the pacing. So like the way that I would record was like I would make a point and like stop recording. I wouldn't like do the whole thing one take. Because I would try and make it like as fast-paced as ADHD as possible. So as long as like you have those cuts and you're like cutting out dead space, like... Yeah, you can use everything native tick tock that was always fine for me. I never really needed to like throw up captions or anything like that. I mean, you can throw in your drafts if you want, but yeah, no— I would just like, I would just sit there, make TikTok, you just throw it up right away. And then, second thing, do you ever have people tell you, 'Oh, there's not really 20 spots left?' Or do you have anybody who tried to... Yeah, people say that shit all the time. I'd be like, 'Yeah, there is, there's 20.' Well, they can't see anything— all they see is what Ben's clicking down on the thing. Like, I wish I had like a picture to show you, but it's like it'll say, '18 of 20.' '14 of 20.' That's all they see. The only way they would know that is if, um. Like I say, too many names because I'll shout out. I'll be like, 'Okay, we got Jeremy in here. Yo, we got Mason here. We got Ben in here. Yo, welcome, Ben. Yo, what's up, man? You're gonna fucking crush it. Yo, message me inside school. And so, if I say too many names, they're like, 'Yo, that was like 38 names that he just listed. Thank you.' So yeah, just gotta be smart about it. Anything else? Cool. All right. Thanks, guys. That was great. That was like a master class for selling to normal people.