1. Money Math - Jeremy Haynes.mp4
Let me break this down for you before I articulate it in detail on the math side of things. It's pretty simple. In order to give a fuck about bigger numbers and to make those numbers achievable, we got to break down the actual math to let ourselves know what it takes in terms of volume to achieve those bigger numbers. Bigger numbers need to be broken down into smaller numbers and daily targets to become achievable. Make sense? Okay, to be clear, the first number you write down is very simple. It's the monthly big number. Okay, so I'll give you an example with my math. My math generally starts at a million dollars a month. That's my ideal target. Okay? Start with the big number. I want you to take a moment. What's your big number currently? And listen, don't be a pussy when it comes to the stepping stone goals. I do not want you to break down. One of the numbers that's along the way. Like, as an example, if I was trying to hit a million a month, the stepping stone goals would be 250K and 500K as examples. I do not want stepping stone goals written down. I want the big number that you're actually going after. Does that make sense? OK, take a moment, write that down.
Okay, everybody got the bigger number? Okay, now for me. When I first did the gold math, there was one really interesting thing that I figured out right away. And it was how fucked I was going to be if I did it the way that I was currently doing it. So at the time, my average deal size was anywhere from about 8K to 12K a month. So I would average that out at 10K in this deal math example. If I went about, and you might need a calculator for this, by the way, for some of this stuff. Try not to get distracted by your phone when you do it. But as an example, if I wanted to hit a million dollars a month, and I was only charging $10,000, I would need 100 people in order to hit that million dollars.
So once again, if $10,000 was what I was charging, charging, it was going to take a hundred clients, customers, whatever you want to call them, in order for that number to be possible. What this exposed right away for me in the way that I was doing business was that would be a fucking nightmare. Okay? To have 100 people individually paying $10,000 a month in the way that I was specifically delivering services at the time would have just made my life. hell. It would have been very stressful. It would have been too much to handle. It would have been a life that I didn't really want to live. Does that make sense? So immediately upon seeing how I was currently doing things, I understood something very clearly.
I didn't want to do it that way. So therefore, it became very clear to me that the path I was going down was not going to be the path that made the most sense to hit that target. I could have figured that out if you think about it halfway along the way. Reactively running into it, and then I would have had to scale back, adjusted to then go forward again. Does it make sense? What I then learned through this, which is very important, this is where I started to define my initial goals of how I wanted my agency to run. Was, okay, if I wanted to work with 10 people, 10 people was much more ideal for me in comparison.
10 people, I was already making people a million dollars a month, and I thought to myself, 'I think it's very fair that somebody would give me 10% of that if I made them a million dollars.' Right? seemed justifiable to me and very realistic. And I determined 10 people was a much better quality of life for me in comparison to 100 people, a 90-person difference. business model would be completely different. Every individual day would be completely different. 100% difference in life quality based on this one decision and thinking of it ahead of time before pursuing the goal aggressively. Does that make sense? So I want you to take a moment real quick. Based on what you're currently doing, it's very important you understand this. It's the average.
Okay, what is the average of what you make right now per deal or per customer? Start with that number real quick and just write that down. What is the average amount of money you collect per deal right now? And remember, these are monthly numbers. So the amount you cash collect in your account in a month per customer. Take a moment. And to be clear, look, you might guess because you don't actually know. Be conservative if you're going to guess. Don't overestimate it because, once again, overestimation is going to fuck up the math for you. Take 30 seconds. So, as an example, let's say you regularly sell something for $5,000. I'll get a client that says something like, 'Oh yeah, we charge $5,000.' So you might think that's the number you write down.
But in reality, I'm like, 'Well, what's the actual amount they cash collect on a sales call, factoring in payment plans and things like that?' And then they're like, 'Oh, yeah, that number is $3,700.' And that $1,300 difference makes a substantial difference for the quantity of people that have to be sold to make the bigger number achievable. Does that make sense? So once again, don't write down what you charge. Write down the amount you actually cash collect on that. Does that make sense? Everybody has that number? Okay, now to be clear, simple math. Take out your calculator. You're going to divide the big number by what you actually cash collect currently. And then you're going to write that number down because that's the amount of people you actually need to sell to in order to make that number achievable.
Does that make sense? So big number divided by the amount you cash collect. equals the amount of people you have to sell to. So now you should have three numbers written down after you do this math. The big number. The amount you cash collect on average in a month per customer, and then the amount of customers you're going to need to sell to hit the bigger number. Go ahead and take a few seconds.
Good to see you, Vic. Does everybody have that written down? Does anybody need more time? Okay, to be clear. Is anybody shocked by that number? Does it seem realistic? Here's what I want you to then write down next, okay? One word, unrealistic or realistic? Take a moment. Unrealistic or realistic? So once again, for me as an example, the way mine would look, this. was unrealistic. I didn't like that. So when I did this, this was very realistic. I thought to myself, 'I'm like, listen, as crazy as that might sound to others. I viewed it as very possible, probable, and within my capacity to accomplish.' Versus, I want you to think of this as well when you think of the unrealistic versus realistic. Because remember how I interpret it and how I broke it down for you.
Quality of life. Okay, how how the number changes impacts your day-to-day and your business— the type of business, the amount of people you need to hire, the amount of marketing that you need. Okay, all this changes dramatically based on what that number is. Does that make sense? Factor that into your answer. Okay, real quick. Won't you raise your hand if you wrote realistically? If your number's currently realistic, raise your hand. So two of you, what's your number? Yeah, three numbers. Big number, amount you currently are cash collecting, amount you need to sell to hit the big number. Okay. Yep. Got it. Okay. Now, to be clear, I want you to keep that 430 in mind for the next thing we're about to talk about. Ben, what's yours? . . . It shouldn't be weird. It should be three numbers, Ben. It's really simple. Big number, the amount you currently cash collect in a month, and then to be clear, the amount of people you need to sell to hit the big number. So I'm going to do it.
Yep. Thank you. And that will be a delta in 400 meters. So that's pretty nice. Got it. What's weird about that?
Nothing weird about that at all. Wrestling gators naked is weird, okay? That's not weird. To be clear, the rest of you, it's all unrealistic? Okay, what makes the number unrealistic?
Okay, bingo. Now to be clear, for the unrealistic crowd, I want you to put a little section like off to the side. Why? And then list the reasons. Why is it unrealistic? Okay, I want you to listen to a few prior to doing this. If a few come to mind right away, feel free to rip them off. But when I call on you, I want you to make sure you say something out loud so you can share with everybody some perspective. Is that the only reason, Andrew? Thank you. So to be clear, you just can't do one-on-one calls with that amount of people. Now, what's that make clear right away? We'll be right back. But it's an offer change. Or you can charge more, right? One or the other.
I'm sure there's other solutions. What's your reasons? Okay, why? Thank you. So staff issue. Bingo, okay. Now, to be clear, there's a very important follow-up category to this. Okay. So, when you have your wise for the unrealistic folks, I want you to pair right next to those whys, the solution to them. So, as an example, if I have a why right here, I want a solution right here to that why. If you fail to answer with a solution, that's good, not bad. It means you don't know what the fuck you're doing yet, and this is why you're here. We can help you out with that. Now, to be clear. For the realistic crowd specifically. I want to get these people real quick from unrealistic to realistic, and then we're going to move to the next number. So bear with me for about two minutes. Nick, why is yours unrealistic? Bye. Bye. More than I. Thank you. Thank you.
That's right, or what's it currently exposed that you're doing? So for me, when this number became clear to me, okay, of 100 people, you know what I thought to myself? I thought, fuck that. You know, I was like, I had 27 staff at the time, three offices. I fucking hated that shit. I was like, this is terrible. How much more staff would I have to have? You know? What would be the point? Well, the point for me was, well, I could exit from it. There's a higher probability to exit from that type of model, contracted recurring revenue without rev share versus the rev share route. was very different. The rev share route is not sellable because they don't really factor in rev shares. But this is actually a really good thing that I learned thankfully in hindsight.
Which was: I make what I would have gotten paid in a lump sum on like a semi-annual basis. You know, so like every six months what I would have gotten in an exit, or maybe a little bit less than what I would have gotten in an exit. Every eight months, I'm making what I would have got anyway, you know? But I get to make that in perpetuity as long as I maintain the model. So that was far more valuable to me in comparison to the exit route. That further sold me on the change, okay? So to be clear, when you look at the whys for why it's fucked up, you then have to look at the solution and you have to add an additional category or just take mental note on the selling point, okay?
So for me, the selling point to the change. You're not going to just make the change without a reason to make the change. Okay? So there's, like I said, this is either a mental note. This, for me, was really obvious, but I want to be fair in saying during this exercise, I've done it a few times throughout the years. Sometimes it's not mentally obvious for some reason, for like once again. The specific reasoning for why you need to implement the solution, but this is like the sell yourself category. I'm going to label it once again, the reason. And it's the same logic. You're pairing the reason with the solution for why you would actually do it, so as an example, you got to sell yourself on having more staff.
You got to sell yourself that you could charge more, and why you're going to be worth charging more. Like when I made the change, and I thought to myself, 'I could charge 100 g's in a month.' There was a new level of certainty and confidence that was bred into me as an individual. Okay. Immediately upon thinking, 'I'm gonna get people who pay me 100 grand a month my confidence and certainty levels change dramatically. You're an advertiser. What do you charge? Yeah, you see? You think, you look at a guy like me. I have a client that paid me $202,000 last month. I worked four hours in the month. I advertised. What do you think about that? Yeah, it's nice. You know what else it is? It's fucking awesome.
You know the difference between you and I? I think I can get paid that amount. You think you can get paid whatever you get paid right now. That's the only difference. I got convicted. That I could get that. And then there was a whole other set of reasons that followed. My quality of life would dramatically change. The things I could buy could drastically change. The amount of time I... could work could drastically change. I hated a lot of staff. I could work with less staff. That could change. That'd be a positive impact. It's a whole list of very positive reasons that followed after. You get what I'm saying? So my point being, The why you are currently viewing what you're doing is unrealistic. The solutions to those things and the reasons that pair with them.
Does that make sense? Ben, why is yours unrealistic? Um, I already did bring on a bigger team, better clients, or switched to get done with. Yeah, and look at your lifestyle. I mean, your fucking lifestyle bent over here. You know, like, Mr., Mr., you got, what, 9-11? How old are you? You're 23, you got a 911 already, you live in downtown Miami, you go to dinner every night with Mason and all your bros. How many times a week are you on a boat or a plane or something? You see what I mean? So it's like, think to yourself, is that the path you want to go down? or think to yourself once again, is that set of tweaks that you wrote down. So what's your solution list?
Does your solution list take you to a place where the reasons make sense for what you actually want? Or does the solution list not align to the reason list? Does that make sense? Does it or does not? One of the solutions which would be better, rather than having to get 50, 10, 000, Yeah? Bye. 100k, 105k, 110k, 150k. Right. Realistic, right? Thank you. Doable, right? Right? And aligns more to what I'm sure you want. You see? And to be clear, once again, you're standing in front of a guy who's already proven that out over the last, I don't even fucking know how long it's been, seven years now? So the point being, it's not only possible, it's very probable. Make sure the reasons align with the solutions.
Because sometimes the reasons to implement a particular solution, you can look at it and say, 'I mean, that sounds pretty fucked up.' It's not a good reason for me. I don't like it as much as the other reasons that I have listed. Does that make sense? So the reason all this needs to align. You get what I'm saying? Okay, to be clear. What you have written now. Does it transition you from unrealistic to realistic? Or once again, is there still some type of math change that needs to occur?
Change the math. My solution category led me to this. 10 clients, 100K. That was three numbers, a million a month, 100,000 a deal, 10 clients. That math changed for me from unrealistic to realistic. Did your adjustment in your math change your answer from unrealistic to realistic? Yes or no? Yes or no? Who did it not change it for? Anybody? So everybody's realistic now. Ja? Yeah, good. We continue on. To be clear. Let's use Mason's example. How many clients do you say you need? 430, okay, so if you're at 430 people and that's per month. Okay, to be clear, how are you getting these people in right now? What's the conversion mechanism? Webinar call funnel.
So you want to be very particular with the steps here, okay? And it's okay if there's more than one way that they come in. It doesn't just have to be one way. But I want you to understand what you're saying here because there are steps for each one of these things. Let me give you an example, okay? If I just broke this down to a call funnel. I have 430 people. The close rate would be the first step I would have to factor in because that's the last step that converts the 430 people, right? So to be clear, a step down from that is my close rate. So let's use the example that I have. What's your current close rate when you have a sales team? Anything? Do you have a sales team?
Say it again. 40 to 50. What's it exactly? Give me an average. Okay, so to be clear, if we have a 45% close rate, we need 956 people. Getting to the point where they talk to a closer. Does that make sense? So we need 956 people on the phone. Okay, and this factors in. A 46, you said 46? Or 45. Okay. So this factors in a 45% close rate. Okay? Now, to be clear, what's the step that comes before that? No, show rate. You see, each individual step has to be factored in. So when we look at the show rate. What's your show rate to calls? 60% of people will show up. Okay, so if we have a 60% show rate. Okay. Now we're going to take that 956, we're going to divide it by 0.
6 for the 60% show rate, okay? So 956 divided by 0. 6, 1,593 calls. Have to be scheduled. 1,593 calls. Needs scheduled. How many calls are you getting right now in a month? Um... Like, five, 56. 550? So the math there is pretty simple, thankfully, right? You're about a third of the way there. Does that make sense? What's your current cost per call? or you're organically doing everything. I mean, up until the last month, it's all over again.
So you don't know? Problematic, no? I was scared. Is the organic consistent? Yes. So how much, in terms of call volume, does organic produce month over month without fail? in terms of call volume. That's what it could be. The 500? So paid doesn't do anything for you right now. Редактор субтитров А. Семкин Корректор А. Егорова Got it. So barely anything. Negligible. Okay, so watch this. Thankfully, you got about a third of your goal already accomplished by organic. Okay, and you claim it's like clockwork. Okay? That means you need, in your case, about we'll call it 1053 calls extra per month. Okay? That you need from somewhere else, right? So where are those going to come from? Those are likely to come from paid, in this case, yeah? I can definitely do more.
I can probably scale that up too. So that's what I was expecting. We'll be right back. Yep. But it's more significant. So watch this, okay? If once again, in Mason's particular case, 500 of these 1,593 are already covered by organic. Once again, we're going to say that 1,053 need to come from paid advertising so we can have a cost per call factored into this whole thing. An average cost per call, okay? Tell me if you guys agree. Let's call it 150. You think Mesa could get a cost per call for 150 or less? Advertisers in the room, yes or no? Yeah? Okay, to be clear, if we had 1,053 calls times $150 cost per call, Mason would need to spend $157,950 on ad spend.
With these stats, a 60% show rate, a total of a 45% close rate, and he would hit his 430 per month. However, those stats would have to hold. Do you think your paid advertising efforts are going to produce 60% show rates? And 45% close rates, or do you think there'll be a variance? There could be a variance, though. Quality is always good, and your stats are always the highest when you're not at scale. 157,000— you can consider yourself at scale. So here's the point I'm attempting to make, and it's very simple, okay? Mason's goal math, based on this current set of statistics holding, is a measly 157K an ad spend a month away from happening. Does that make sense? Very achievable. He's one-third of the way to the target, okay?
So to be clear, once again, from here, what we then factor into the goal map is our cost. To get this amount of people, okay, so in this particular case, our cost is a cost per call. And if we factored in, once again, $150 cost per call. We then only need to spend about 157K, assuming, once again, that we only are responsible for generating 1,053 calls. If Mason's business didn't exist organically, the number would be quite different. The 1,593 times 150 would be a total of 238,950. You see the difference there? So if Mason's organic business ever takes a shit where that Benjamin Graham guy keeps hating on him and he doesn't respond properly, his ad spend difference changes to $258,000.
Instead of $157,000 since a third of his current. His current goal math is covered by organic. Does that make sense? Okay, to be clear, say math for a webinar, just different stats. Okay, same math for video pitches, just different stats. You get what I'm saying? Same math for DM strategies. Just different stats. Do you get what I'm saying? So to be clear, I want you to take a moment. I want you to do your goal math. It's a reverse engineered number. Okay, look at this step by step. The number of people that you need to sell per month is at the top. It's then followed by whatever the next step is. So in this case, once again, if it's a call funnel, it starts with the close rate.
OK, if you're doing a call funnel, it's followed by the show rate. If we have a call funnel, it's then followed by our cost per call and then our ad spend. If I have a webinar as an example, I have the number of people that need to close. Let's use the example I'm pitching straight on the webinar. Okay? No closers. Well, in that case, I still have the close rate. I have the show rate, I have my cost per registration, and then I have my ad spent. If I'm doing video pitches, I have the quantity of people I need to close. I have my close rate. I have my appointment show rate. I have the quantity of people. That's scheduled with me in the first place out of my total video pitches.
I have my response rate. And then I get to my count of how many I need to send. And there's no cost to that, of course. Does that make sense? Once again, take two minutes real quick. Do your goal math. Get excessively clear on this because this is the most important part. Ideally, you are conservative with your statistics. So, as an example, in Mason's math, I would not factor in a 45% show rate if that's what he's getting organically. Because if your advertiser isn't doing content advertising strategies to replicate your organic sales process, you will have a difference in the statistics because they're coming from a different... frame into the call process. So you're probably to have a lower show rate and a lower close rate. Be conservative with that other thousand people you need to get on calls. And if you claim you could kick up organic, well, it's not kicked up right now. So as an example of conservative math, you don't factor in make-believe shit. You factor in based on, well, right now, once again, you're 157K away if that math sticks. Does this make sense? Thank you.
Does anybody have any questions on their goal map while they're doing it? Is anybody stuck? Is anybody already done? Are you done? Grazie. They're all revs here. Get the brochure. Well, to be clear, there's a very simple thing here. You think right now you can get around the math. Okay? You think it's as simple as, well, I just need to charge rev share. But how many people you got to pitch, Nick? How many people do you got to get on calls? How many people have to close on those calls? Have you ever done rev share? How many people are actually paying you the amount you're trying to get paid? So there's more math right there. So you close X amount of people, you still have then only 10 to 20% that are actually probable to hit the target.
Did you do that math? Do the fucking math. Thank you. Perspective of it. Have the clients now just with them. So to be clear, just based on the current numbers, once again, not make believe what you hear, what Mason said, right? Is it good advice to say to Mason? Oh, yeah, dude, don't worry. You can get your numbers up organically, dog. That's sick, bro. Just go ahead and factor in that another third are gonna just magically appear from you kicking up organic, dude. Is that good? Do the math. Write it down. Because to be clear, you don't want to do the math on what is not currently happening. You want to do this initial math on reality, on what's the stats today. Because guess what?
That is the level of potential that you have currently actualized on. Could you get bigger? Yeah, obviously. Could it get better? Yeah, obviously. But what is it today? Because today's math is what makes it real for you to then turn around and have absolute certainty on for what it needs to be to happen today. Does that make sense? Could I live in fairy-tale land and say, 'Oh, every deal I do is just going to fucking... They're all going to hit a million a month in that, dude. No.' It's like, has that number improved through time? Fuck yeah. Have I done the math differently as it's become different through time? Yeah. But what's best once again to do today? How it currently is now, right? Because guess what?
There's leverage in that stat. Like, Mason, you're going to have to spend a difference of... Dude, if you fuck up with those 500 people that you're already converting right now into calls every month, you realize there's a difference of damn near $100,000 in additional spend. Right? If you fuck up and only continue producing 10 to 20% of your total clients into the level of rev share you want, you know what that really means. That means you're going to have 80 to 90% of your... clientele that you're either going to have to fire or have other staff handle so you can put your attention on the 10 to 20 percent that actually matter. There's also leverage in that statistic that reveals to you.
That your hit rate of scaling a client to the level that actually pays you for your math is a measly one out of ten or two out of ten. So you can pretentiously say, 'Oh well, I'm fucking teaching people on YouTube all day how to advertise. I got my new book coming out, teaching people to advertise. Jeremy, I know what the fuck I'm doing. But it's like Nick 10 to 20 of your deals are hitting their level of fucking money where you get paid your goal. Do you not see how much more improvement is in that statistic? Mason, you say you could get more fucking organic people through the door. Why haven't you? There's a level of potential there that can be actualized, correct? For everybody else in the room.
Do you see what I'm saying about that stat of how important it is, based on the math? You could technically cut your 157K that you need to put towards paid ad spend right now in a month down to like 40 to 60 if you actually manage to step it up organically more and get another one-third of that current number of 1 ,500 calls per month. If you could get another 500 from organic, you'd save yourself a good 100K a month. That's an extra 100K to go on fucking jets or whatever the fuck you want to do. Carbone, you know, think of all the food you could buy. You see what I mean? That's a better penthouse. You got a new view. Think about going up higher. You know what I mean?
That's the difference is you either get the helicopters or you don't. You see, you either fucking step up and become an even better advertiser, right? An even better agency owner, or you fucking stay with the stats currently. to achieve the goal how it currently is. So there's two things here, once again. The realistic expectation of what it's gonna take. For how things are today. Okay? You walk out of this literal room into the kitchen, pound some steak and fish, whatever the fuck you're going to eat, you now know. I'm 157K away. You know, I'm fucking X amount of clients away from getting the fucking number. Okay? I'm X amount of video pictures away. I'm X amount of fucking webinar registrants away. I just got a new client.
She normally gets about 10,000 to 12,000 people a month to register for a webinar. She wanted to hit via paid advertising a million a month. The little shit advertiser she's been working with has only got her to 200 to 300K a month via paid ads. Organically, this lady sweeps a mill a month every month. I looked at that account and I said, 'Jesus Christ,' this is the easiest thing to get to a million a month in history. This is going to be like Barry Bonds, peak steroids, bases loaded, grand slam guarantee. Okay? I'm on the juice right now. And I thought to myself, 'Easy, lay down deal.' And it's just simple math. This is all I did. I said, 'Okay,' she wants to make a million a month.
She's only done two to 300K a month. It's pretty much all off of this one monthly event. At most, paid advertising has contributed 5,000 people to that event. So just do the math with me real quick. If I got that paid registrants count to 15,000, I would go from 200,000 in revenue to 600,000 in revenue. If I got it to twenty-five thousand registrants, I could logically get the million a month within the first month of action. Right? This lady last month, she spent upwards of $120K on paid ads. So he made $200 to $300 to be clear. Terrible Roaz. Terrible Roaz. She should be doing much better. I thought to myself, she had cost per register of about $10. Okay, here's how simple this math became.
I thought to myself, 'I'm like, okay, first of all, if I started from the top and worked my way down, if I spent $120,000, and I had a $10 cost per registrant, I'd only get 12,000 people. I need 25,000 people at least. So I told the lady, 'Listen. This might be a little uncomfortable for you, but you seem like the kind of lady that wants to do big things fast. Okay, we got two options. We either take this route, which is a little more conservative. We'll prove what I'm saying is right. Or you just roll the fucking dice here. You take a gamble. And we go for 25,000 registrants from paid ads this time.
But you're gonna have to spend like 250 grand.' And she was like, 'Yeah, go ahead.' You know how many paid registrants I'm at right now within two weeks of launching those ads? Somebody guess. No, I haven't achieved the goal yet, but I'm mathematically on pace to achieve it. I'm at a little over 14,000 right now, okay? I will absolutely achieve, because all my statistics are in line, to 25,000. Okay? And I'm not getting shit registrants. The best part is, believe it or not, she gets anywhere from 20 to 40 million organic impressions a month. And I'm just retargeting the shit out of those people. I'm not even doing cold advertising. The probability of these people to close is very high.
I'll get 25,000 people to register for this by next Wednesday, based on the mathematical pace I'm currently at. If the show rate, okay, her show rate historically is 20%. I factored it in with 15%. Her close rate historically is about 7%. I factored it in with 5%. She will hit a million a month with my conservative statistics. Does that make sense? So I overestimated my cost per lead. I over, I underestimated the show rate and I underestimated the close rate. To realistically get the math on what it's going to take with a little bit of room for error on each statistic. To hit that million a month. Do you see how easy it is in this case to mathematically hit that goal when I am clear of each individual statistic for what it needs to be to achieve the target?
And I also give it a little bit of wiggle room down or up. To be a little more conservative. You see what I'm saying? Does it make that lady that much more confident? To invest. Almost everything she made last month via paid ads into her new advertisers' gamble. The statistics being clear. Are what give you the certainty to take the risk. Does that make sense? It's just a set of stats away. That's all I'm saying. You get what I'm saying? Is it clear? Does anybody's math not make sense? To you. It's the math you've written down realistically. Do you need to make any adjustments to it real quick? Anybody? Okay. To be clear. Not every business is just cut and clean with, I can spend 258K and generate 430 sales off of that.
This would be an example of him hitting his larger financial target with only one specific way of generating those customers. Okay, so here's the next part of this whole lesson. Which is how can you make the number even more realistic than it already is? Additional income streams is the answer to that specific question. So for me, once again, my million dollars a month. I really wanted it all to just come from the advertising agency. And I really only wanted it to come from these 10 clients. But I thought to myself, 'I'm like, do we do consulting deals all the time right now? You know, and I don't mind doing consulting deals. They take four hours a month. I'm happy to work four hours a month. But I got to adjust how I get paid on them.
So I thought to myself, 'I'm like, well, okay, if I wanted to contribute. something in addition. to the million a month to make that more realistic. I thought to myself, 'I'm like, I could do 200K a month in consulting deals. I think that's realistic.' I just might need to adjust my pricing a little bit so I could do less consulting deals and get paid more. Interestingly enough, the number was, I thought, actually under what I should charge. So here's what I thought to myself. I said, 'OK, if I did a total of 10 consulting deals and there was four hours per deal. Somebody want to yell out the number for how many hours that is per month?
40 right so if I had 40 total hours in the month, okay and there's four weeks in the month that's only 10 hours per week that I have to put towards consulting deals. If I did 10 total consulting deals with one hour calls once a week. Does that make sense? So there's 10 total hours of time per week.' I typically take those calls five days a week. So that would mean, out of the five days a week I'm willing to take consulting calls, that two hours per day would go towards consulting calls. Does that make sense? I then asked myself the simple question. I said, 'Can I do two hours a day worth of consulting calls without lowering my quality of life?' Yes or no?
And I said, 'Yeah, fuck yeah, I can do that.' Like, I love talking to people about making more money, you know? Easy enough? So then guess what? It became really simple. I was like, 'I want to hit 200K. with the consulting deals to contribute to the million a month.' So I just took 200,000. I divided it by 10. So 20K a month is what we wanted to charge for our consulting deal. Okay to be clear at the time I was charging about $7, 500 to $10,000 a month for a consulting deal. So I didn't feel like that was that big of a jump at all. Just keep in mind. I went from $10,000 a month to $100,000 a month in that math.
I went from $7,500 to $10,000 a month to $20,000 a month. So that one felt even easier and even more realistic in terms of, okay, I need a total of 20 people. That are gonna pay me $20,000 a month. Where I need 10 people that are going to pay $20,000 a month. Does that make sense? So I want you to understand something. Once you do the goal math, even if it seems so obvious, like to me— as an example, this is so cut and dry, clean. I would seriously, like, if I was Mason, I looked at that math. I'd be like, 'You're telling me I'm 258K away from my goal.' I would just do that.
But what I would also do is I would say to myself, 'Okay. If I'm that in belief that this can work and it's that cut and dry, how could I increase the probability even greater than that? That this number, what's this number equal to? What's the gold math number on this one, Mason? 1. 5 in a month. So, as an example, what if 500K of that had to come from something else? Do any ideas just come top of mind? أكمله What else? Let me give you a good example, Mason. What did the Benjamin Graham guy rip on you about? Not just the office. What else did he say? Thank you. Thank you. Gracias por ver el video. Right? What about clients? Not in terms of you doing copywriting.
So now, as an educator, you have leverage. You have a huge student base of people who learn from you. About copywriting. You don't see how that could lead you as an example. Let's say $500,000 needed to come from consulting deals. Think about it like this. The mastermind, you're probably thinking of your students. You're probably thinking of something like this. What about a mastermind for people that are in business that want to have their own in-house copywriting team where they already have their own in-house copywriting team? What would those people be willing to pay to make X amount of dollars on the other side of it? Businesses are typically worth... more to you as a business than individuals. Right? That could be.
Just giving you some ideas here: I'm saying you need $500,000 let's say per month that comes from something. In this example, you have to sell 430 people every month, don't you? What's 430 times 12? and don't make it up. So you have to sell 5,160 people per year. Okay, what sounds easier and so five hundred thousand dollars— how many people you think you could work with that you could train their entire copywriting staff on, like businesses? What's the number? So 500,000, so take 500,000. First of all, 25K a year. That divide that by 12. That's super cheap, by the way. Thank you. Look, you're used to charging people $3,500. I'm used to charging people a fuckload more than that. You're sitting here right now for 24K a year.
You know? You can't do better than this. You're telling me a business isn't going to pay you more money, Mason? To train their fucking copywriting staff. Do you know how much money? As an example, if I come in and I teach Nick's guy how to advertise like a fucking G, okay, and I teach him how to do the real shit. Think about this. How much more money is that worth to Nick? Think it's worth a measly whatever the fuck he pays for the inner circle per year? No, that's why I don't train his advertiser for what he pays to be in the inner circle for a year. If Nick wanted to do that, I would charge him a consulting client. I would be like, 'Yeah, I'll do it for a consulting client cost.' Because guess what?
If I made Nick, okay, if I charged Nick. Take 20K times 12. You're telling me I can't make Nick? Nick, what's your RevShare client on average pay you? He's going to make off one fucking deal what I charge him per year if I did a consulting client on that relationship. You see what I'm saying? And you're telling me it's not fair? You don't think it's probable I get him at least like, I don't know, three fucking clients out of that? I'm going to give him a lot more money off teaching his advertiser what to do. You're telling me, as a person who teaches copywriting, that you don't see the value in what you teach, where it's just an obvious, I can charge people a fuckload of money, Mason.
I can charge people a fuckload, obvious amount of money to me, where I know they would make so much more on the other side of it. You don't have a number like that in your head? See what I'm saying? This is why this math is important. You need an extra 500K a month. 500K a month divided by something realistic. Say you charge 10K a month, which is cheap. You'd be devaluing yourself if you only charged 10K a month. But. You give yourself some leverage against the little baby fish like Benjamin. You know what I mean? So 10K a month, 500K divided by 10,000. What is it? 50. So you think 50 people. How many customers do you have in total right now? Untertitelung des ZDF, 2020 서로.
So you think you can't get 50 people, divide 50 by 8,000. Yep, divide 50 by 8,000. Point what? Move the decimal two places to the right. That's the percentage. What's the percentage? So you can't get it. 0. 6% of your total fucking amount of people that give you money to give you $10,000 a month. You can't get a measly 50 people. 0. 6%. To pay you $10,000 a month. You need 50 people like that. You don't think that's possible? You don't think you can make those people more money than that? Because guess what it would do if you did? It would contribute. 500k it would contribute a third of your revenue goal with only 50 people per month, by the way.
So instead of having to close 5 160 per year, you now only have to close 50 over the entire year. That ideally you close sooner than later. So they start paying you monthly and you hit that 500K sooner. You need 50 fucking people, dude. What's that do to you when you respond to Benjamin? Thickens your nuts a bit, doesn't it? You see? You see what I'm saying? So, dude, that's what I'm talking about. You can make that number of 1. 5 mil that much easier with only 50 folks paying you 10K a month. But yet when you're focused only on this. This is its own business model. The 50 a month is its own business model, right? The 50 a month wouldn't complicate your life, would it? Is it worth 500K a month?
Is it really? Yeah, if we're gonna do that. See what I'm saying? So the moral of the story is, for me as an example, I thought to myself, 'I'm like, dude, two hours a day, five days a week, consulting deal, $ 200K a month. I could borrow with that. You know, it seems realistic. Could I get those people to pay me 20K a month? Fuck yeah, I could. And you know how I sold myself on it? By what I just did. I just went through it. I'm like, what could I make somebody that pays me that amount of money? Could I make up more than 240 a year? Because that's all that matters. Do you get what I'm saying? You charge what you charge.
Your rate is your rate, based on what it is currently doing for the person who's buying it. If I am able to charge, once again, $100K a month to an individual, it's because I'm making them far more than $100K a month. I had one of my buddies. I don't say his name out of respect for him, because I think he's a for doing this. There's a hypnotist that's in Los Angeles. Okay, I disagree with this guy's methods. I don't advocate for this guy. So I won't say the hypnotist's name either. It's not my hypnotist. This guy charges a million dollars a year. To be your hypnotist. He has a dozen people that pay him a million dollars a year. One of my friends was one of these people. He was paying the guy $83,000 a month to be his on-demand hypnotist.
I don't know. What does $83,000... from a hypnotist. make you. In a tangible way is my question. You know how almost all of us in here are judged by trackable to us revenue when we work with folks? and you're charging less than a hypnotist. that is not tracked by tangible revenue. And you don't think you could charge? 10 g's a month of 50 people for something that trackably makes them more money than that Doesn't make much sense, does it? So I look at shit like that too. I look out there and I say to myself, 'I'm like, dude, 20K a month. actual trackable results did. easy fucking easy revenue easy 200k a month I deserve Now, to be clear, once again, the point I bring this up.
Doesn't have to be a bunch of one-on-one calls. Okay. It could be something else. It could be something higher level. You know, one of my clients, Let's go five minutes. One of my clients' name is Garrett White. Garrett White's minimum offer for the longest time was $40,000. It's called Warrior Week. Warrior Week is for men. Who? I had families. Kids, okay, they're married, they have kids, and they have a business. Those three things are what you need to go to Warrior Week. Amen. At that specific age range, he usually sells to those who have those three things. They generally don't have their shit together in all three of those areas to the level that they want it to, specifically to these guys that he chooses to work with.
So for $40,000, you go to Dana Point, California. He'll take you out to Catalina Island in a military-style event for a week. And just take you to a dark place inside of yourself. To reveal what's actually holding you back. And he'll give you a lot of great lessons. It's a great offer. Garrett, before I started working with him, was already doing like 15 plus million a year. Just with that offer. When I started working with Garrett, he wanted to offer a $10,000 product. He has this office in Data Point. It's designed pretty well. It says, 'Do the fucking work on the ceiling.' It's a room for maybe 50 people at most. Chairs and tables and such. And it's a great place for Gary.
And he does these once a month, $10,000 two-day events. Or you show up in person. And you learn about a specific topic. Like, as an example, when he taught marketing, he brings a guy like me in and I just fucking yell at these guys about stuff for like a whole day. It's pretty cool. However, Garrett does no one-on-one. For $10,000, or even $40,000. You know how much he charges for one-on-one? You want to take a guess? Thank you. 125K. All the way up to a million, give or take the individual and how much one-on-one they want access to. I got to meet a few of these fucking psychos. That pay Garrett that amount of money. And they are. So sold on the value that they get from working with Garrett.
That they view that as cheap, genuinely cheap, and worth so much more than what they pay him. They're happy to pay him more for more one-on-one time every time they renew in most instances. You know how many of these clients he had? You know what I get? Yeah, upwards of 50. And this was 2019. Okay? Now, here's my point. He doesn't do anything special. These are just Zoom calls. He's teaching people stuff from his perspective. He does about $22 million a year. Why is he charged that for one on one and you charge whatever the fuck you charge for one on one? Why aren't you making people a lot more money? You see? So to be clear, it's very simple.
It's like Mason, as an example, thinks to himself, okay, I'm charging $3 ,800, my average cash collected. Could I charge 10K a month? What would I have to teach people to make them that amount of money? You saw the shock. Did you guys gauge that too? Almost the shock? of You think I could charge people $10,000 for teaching copywriting? Did you pick that up? Think about it. She has reaction. You have to really sell yourself on these things. It can't be shock. Like it can't be, well, I have to make people more money. It has to be an obvious, this is how I'd make them more money. That part has to be obvious in order to take that action and add that revenue stream. Does that make sense?
It can't be questionable. So my point being, when you consider the secondary revenue sources or even the third revenue sources that you can add to what you're doing, it has to be obvious. Does that make sense? When you look at it, it's a no fucking brainer. You get what I mean? I looked at the consulting deal. I said, 'no fucking brainer.' absolutely, I'm doing that. Okay, I looked at the inner circle as an example for my education company. I said, 'no brainer obvious win for everybody. I look at my education products. When I raised them up to five grand instead of a thousand or two thousand, no fucking brainer. Okay, I want you to think real quick.
Take note what are the no-brainer decisions that might be coming to your head right now that you could easily add to contribute to the bigger revenue goal. Anything come to mind? Take a moment and write it down. Really think about this one. What are the no fucking brainers? To what you're currently doing that you could add to it. That you could tweak, that you could change. Something that's just like I can't even believe I didn't do that before— it's that obvious. Does anybody have questions on this? Anything you guys want to add, contribute? Comments? No? All right, cool. We're going to go have lunch then. We'll hang out until, we'll just call it an hour. We'll be back in here at 145. And thank you. We will. Circle back.
Uh, we have three speakers throughout this afternoon, and like I said, we'll close out the day with networking. Um, to be clear, I have, by the way, I really appreciate your feedback. Okay, I have a caterer in addition to our normal Brazilian steakhouse. I put this up to vote in the group chat. I had him add vegetables. There's a second type of chicken. And in addition to that, I swapped out the picanha from the Brazilian steakhouse for filet mignon. I would appreciate your feedback on those changes after you try the food. Tell me if it was a good change or not, OK? All right, guys. Thank you.