08 Management + Metrics with Tom & Karen Pierce  04 28 22 - YouTube.mp4
And so I think you all know the drill by now. If you have questions on what we're working through this week, please feel free to either bring yourselves off mute if you're in a position to do so, or go ahead and drop your question in the chat. And we will be happy to read it all for you if you are not in a position to come off mute. Also, as always, these are called AMAs, so you can ask Tom and Karen anything. That pertains to your business. You may also ask them questions about their personal lives. They're not obligated to answer those questions, though certainly you can go ahead and try and ask them and see. Again, y'all, please post your questions related to SOS or your businesses in the chat.
Or again, we do have a smaller group. So it's which I love. That's great. If you, if you want to go ahead and bring yourselves off mute, you can ask your questions that way as well. Um, Tom, how'd I do on that? You know, it's like you're reading from a script, brother. I have it all. I have it all in here. It's almost like I came up with it. Yeah. Good. But yeah, Tom, I don't know if you have anything else to add. No, I mean, we tend to be down with the way it's been going. We just sort of jump in and get grilled. The last time we, well, time before last, I felt like we were taking my master's dissertation from the group. It was intense. But it was fun.
So if there's questions, let's go ahead and get going. Awesome. Thank you. Anyone? Questions, comments, concerns? Or I know enough that I could probably pick on people too. Seems like Melissa's coming off mute. I'm going to come off mute because I have to ask. Um okay so um Last month, I got accepted into Chase Bank's mentorship program. Well, congratulations. Thank you. It's yeah. Well, you know, for those of us who are, you know, on the startup end of things, we can use the financial coaching. So anyway, one of the things that we've been talking about is the fact that I need to get a VA. And I know that you and Karen have a lovely supply of them.
And I really would like to get your thoughts on how to go about doing something like that because I figured you guys are the experts on that. You have a whole team of people. That you've kind of done that with. And so, and by the way, I really appreciated what Chris put up in the. uh in that they ask that you ask her. Because I love that survey. It's so awesome. Well, good, good. Glad you found it helpful. In fact, to be a little unashamed, we actually do provide vas to others. So, if you reach out to Kim, Chris, I mean, she will absolutely show you how to do that, and we can we can find someone and get them connected with you asap. Okay. Yeah, it's just one of those things.
I i felt like um, we were talking about uh, we were talking to Simon yesterday. He's like, well, you know, I only have this— you know, little bit of time. That I need this little bit of, and I'm just kind of going, 'A va would be great because I don't know how much time you have to commit to on a weekly basis, but you know. But okay, well then, I'll reach out to Chris. That's actually right— right in her wheelhouse— and part of what we we offer as a service. I give you a little background about that, because you know, our team is overseas, and uh. We began the journey looking for that help, and I think you know, went to one of the staffing and recruiting agencies out there, and went through.
20 or 30 resumes, went through a bunch, and it was a painful and uninspiring process. And our, you know, You know, our journey was that we connected with, got an introduction to someone, they joined us, then was introduced to Chris, she joined us. And, you know, just absolutely exceptional. She's actually the best project manager, bar none, that I've ever worked for. I know, Jay, you work. Yes. And you guys can't have her. Let's be clear. I don't need her. It's, it's fine. It's just a matter of I need somebody to do some administrative stuff. So yeah, and and she she manages the people she recruits the people we train the people um and take care of all that. But having someone who you can trust on that side of it is exceptional.
And yeah, so I guess that's enough self-promotion. It's all good. I just figured, like I said, I figured I'd talk to the expert since I knew I had some. Mm-hmm. So. Because I really like— It's been a little bit of a journey for us to get here, but it is great. And we're blessed with that. So that's what we can— I'm going to change your experience. Reach out to her, and she'll show you how to make it happen. Okay, that's fabulous. Um, yeah, the other thing that I was going to ask— your lovely and fabulous wife— is she using Otter AI to um do the translation or the notes from your live video stuff? I noticed that she's got that up there right now. Yeah, I just told Kyle to take it out.
I have it set automatically to join my calls because I use that a lot with my clients and with vendors and things that I work with. It's great for getting testimonials and going back and, you know, going back to people and putting the information that they've said to me in their own words back to them for approval. But I do that for note-taking purposes and just capturing information. And I love it. Yeah. Okay, well, then I'm going to check that one out, too, because of the thing it was because we're doing in working in the playbook vault. I really liked what Jillian said yesterday about, okay, going through the process and videoing yourself so that you can, and then getting somebody else to translate it. And I thought, well, I wonder if Otter.
ai would work for that. That's what we do: we do the loom or the zoom and use the auto AI to just copy and paste and put that into text for the, the process. We use it for a ton of different things. And we just use the free version. And even on a little rabbit trail, but our youngest son and his wife gave us a Christmas gift, which was for us, really to me, to answer about 54 questions about my life. They wanted me to answer all these questions and talk about, you know, it was a kind of, and then I'll print it and build a book. So StoryWorth. Great thing. Look it up, storyworth. com. But, um, got into it a little ways.
And, you know, I'd get every week, I'd get a question, I'm supposed to write an answer, etc. Then finally, I said, you know, why don't we sit down, Karen and I, and answer the question kind of together. Then we pushed it off to Otter. ai to create the transcript of the video. I think the transcript put it back into the... the thing, edit it a little bit. And then I've got both a video of us answering the question for the kids, as well as it'll get into the book. So not only can you do it like that, but you can record it and after the fact, give it to the tool. It'll build a transcript after the fact as well. That's cool. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So thank you.
You betcha, Melissa. Mary Kay, looks like you got out of the cold. I take it out of the cold indeed. We could use a little snow though. Where are you at? In Colorado, in Boulder. Well, sure, sure. Good. Good. What else? Scott, how's it going? It is going well. I'm about to open up a new business here Monday. And. Got a new store. Opening up in August. So keeping pretty busy since I saw you last. Good. Good, good. Anything we can help you with? No, not right this moment. uh you know I'm just kind of at that stage where things are about to uh get crazy. So there may be something comes up here next month. Thank you. Cheers. Y'all, just a reminder here for those just jumping on.
It's an opportunity for us to ask questions about SOS, about the content that we covered yesterday, or again, about our businesses more broadly. Perhaps you've already gone through SOS, you're a founder, a board member, and you have a question or a sticking point there, or maybe you're Melissa and you have a question about a VA and where to find those as well. This is an opportunity to ask those questions there. Again, like I said, you can also ask questions about Tom and Karen's personal life, but they are under no obligation to answer that. We're under no contract, right, Kyle? There you go. You are not obligated to answer questions about your personal life. But again, just for those that have jumped on a bit late, just to give a bit of a quick recap of the intention of the calls and how we can use this time together.
Thank you. And if no one has questions, always happy to give the time back as well. I was going to jump in and just ask David. I think David joined, at least from my memory, the first time yesterday for the training. So I don't know much about David. Right. Yeah, that's correct. I work with Patrick Rogers. So, um, you know I just got a little bit later through the program so I'm Like. I'm trying to catch up and figure out what's going on. So I haven't really done any value maps or anything like that but Um, Thank you. I basically, I own a boat dock. Building company, so we build floating docks for Annie Lake in South Carolina. So we build aluminum and steel ducts. And uh.
You know, I'm trying to the point now where I'm thinking I should open another location or buy another. Uh, dock builder. So, uh... So I need to have processes in place. I have the processes, but I need to put it in a format that's easily accessible by another place, another location. Thank you. That's kind of why I want to join. You mentioned another name I wasn't familiar with. I'm sorry. Patrick Rogers. Yeah. Yeah, he's on this too, so. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. So is he your partner? Yeah, he's like my coach, partner. Okay. Okay, good. So in terms of trying to get started, is there anything, you know, we could kind of help get you going on that, David, or anything, maybe answer a...
Just getting going is actually probably the biggest thing, so. Right. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So. I got a kind of. went through all the videos and stuff so I kind of know what needs to be done. It's just a matter of getting with my team and carving out some time to start creating those maps. Uh, that that's that's what I need to do next and the other thing I kind of need to figure out how Notion works, because it's... It's kind of a black box for me now. So I'm trying to watch videos on what this thing is. Because right now I do everything in travel. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I don't fortunately with the way it's set up you don't need to pay for Notion to use it here, so you can you know get the free version and that'll work for now.
Um, just in terms of uh so you're new into the scalable OS David. Yes, correct. Okay. So in terms of some help that we can do is, you know, on Tuesday and on Thursday, there are two, there are the AMA calls. So especially as you start mapping the value engines. I would encourage you to bring those and anyone to bring their their maps to these calls and we will spend time going over those and answering questions for you. So on Tuesday, Amara leads that session and she's really handled everything, but her expertise is really in the marketing side. You've got a growth engine and maybe you're struggling to figure out what to do there. She's an excellent resource to do that on Tuesdays.
And then, you know, likewise, you can bring them here and we'll go over them together. And not only will you get our thoughts, but the group will jump in. Continue to help you enhance those. My business right now, I just have a lot more business than I can handle. So my part is, you know, it's really where I need to be. You know, it's the execution part of it. Thank you. It's more on the delivery side. More on the delivery side. Yep. Right. Correct. Good. Cool. But yeah, I mean, as you're going along, bring your work and we'll work on it together to help you make progress on it. David. Okay. Appreciate that. You bet. Be back.
I mean, like I said, I'm happy to hang out. We have an hour. We have an hour carved out. But if there aren't any questions, I'm always happy to give back the time. We're all busy. But again, you know, hold off for a few minutes here and see if we have any questions. Looks like Jay came off mute, Kyle. If anybody aside from Jay. Aside from me. Yeah, I knew that was coming. That was right into that one. You did. Yeah, no, I just I'm going to have to jump to go get McKenzie. But just as a as a quick win and just as a testament to scalable. Um, this, over the next seven days, I'm celebrating two big things. One is 10 years in business on May 1st.
And on May 5th is 15 years that my wife has put up with me. as a married couple. So on Saturday morning, we're heading to Las Vegas for an anniversary trip. And you're saying that your wedding anniversary is due to Scalable? Exactly. The fact that we're still married is the systems and processes of being married and the growth engine that I've had. Wrong answer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to just stop now. Yeah. So May 1st is the business anniversary and May 5th is the wedding. Congratulations, brother. Thank you. That's awesome. And now I got to go pick up the kids. So it was great to see you guys. Thanks for jumping in, Jay. That's how you keep the wedding and the anniversary rolling. Thanks for dropping in. That's right.
Appreciate you. Always good to see you. Thanks. Bye. I don't know that I know Rajni. I'm wondering if maybe he could jump on and just kind of say hello and a little bit about his business. Maybe he's just listening. There he is. There he is. Hello. Hi. Okay. Ah. I am I'm Malaysian, but currently I'm based in India. So I just recently signed up for the Scalable Business Advisor. Mm-hmm. So here I am. Cool. So whereabouts in India? Currently, previously, I was in Mumbai. Currently, I'm in Chennai, most probably. In a couple of days, I'm moving to another new city. So I'm kind of moving from one city to city. Lovely, lovely. Yeah, we've spent quite a bit of time in India, so know it well. So tell us a little bit about your business.
So I do digital marketing, so I do a little bit of consulting and implementations as well. So when I saw the scalable OS, I really got excited. I first saw this back in January. So I really got excited and I was like, 'Boy, I could implement this to a client and charge them $10,000.' That was my thought back then. But, uh, I was in, uh, I wasn't aware of the Scalable Business Advisor program being available and was going through a beta. So then they had another webinar back in April and then Ryan was telling that this is something coming in and I spoke to Marcus. So, and then they did another webinar like last week, exactly last Thursday. So here I am. Well, good. Well, welcome. Welcome. Yeah.
So, yeah, as you get settled and start looking at how to both learn and apply scalable, please make sure to. To and all the time zone being what it is, it's uh probably about uh 10 o'clock at night for you, something like that, maybe maybe no, maybe later, it's 11:30, it's 11:30, it's gonna hit 12 soon, yeah, right, okay, um, yeah, anyway, um, Yeah, but thanks for joining at the time. And again, if there's anything that we can do to help your journey along, please make sure to let us know and reach out, join these calls, Rajni. That's great. So I was going through the recordings of the previous session and I saw... the depth of knowledge both you and Karen has.
And I'm like, okay, I need to really chat to these people. Last two calls that I saw, the first call actually that I saw that I really saw that depth that you guys are really bringing to the other scalable business advisors. So I'm pretty sure Ryan did the right call in bringing you guys for the implementation side of it. We'll appreciate that. Be very kind. Thank you very much. I'm glad it's helpful. Yep. Thank you. So good, good, good. And the last one we haven't heard from is really Mary Kay. Anything from your side, Mary Kay?
I think she disappeared, Kyle. Yeah, she might be stuck in a cult back out in the... Yeah, she disappeared, so... Well, Rajni, welcome, and I appreciate... you uh giving us a little bit of an overview and letting us kind of call you out and uh sharing a little bit about your business. Welcome to uh kind of our community here uh scalable and also. So congratulations on joining and becoming a scalable business advisor. Really excited to see where that goes for you. And also, as Tom and Karen both noted, please reach out to only them, never to me, no um to our team, to you know, members of our community. We're here to help, we're happy to help, and let us know what we can do to help you succeed in that.
Cool. Yep. Well, if there's nothing more, Kyle, I love this. There's a last minute. Good questions. I don't think we just need to hang out and and burn it. I'm happy to, like I said, I'm always happy to give the time back if we don't have any questions. We can always post them in the community. We have people there. So it seems like... We had a few people dropping in just to kind of listen in today. It doesn't seem like we have any questions. So happy to give the time back, y'all. And Scott, good to hear things are going well for you, brother. That's exciting. Awesome, y'all. Just one thing. I kind of got lost. I've been gone for about three, four months. So I've been getting things organized to open up this business.
I'm not sure where we're at in this whole process anymore. So I apologize, taking up a little bit of time there. So I'm trying to get. Thank you. That's all right, Scott. Scott, my... You're a founders board member, yeah? Correct. Yes. Okay. So what I would recommend doing is emailing Marcus. Um, and we can help you kind of get back on track, see where you're at, and see what we can do to assist you with where you're at and what would be most helpful. It might even just be helpful for us to say. Hey, based on what you're working through, go check this module out. You know, go watch this, put that into practice. Uh, so we can get a little bit prescriptive with what we have— the tools, the content that we have.
But definitely reach out to Marcus. Uh, so we can at least uh see what we can do to support you. Cool. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, of course. And again, we're always here. Just email a member of our team, and we'll make sure that we get you back on track. Or again, you know, back on track— for you might be different than someone else who wants to go through all of SOS, but we can at least make sure that we're here to help. Yeah. Go for it. Cool. Well, good. Awesome. Well, Kyle, I think I hate to leave your smiling face, but maybe maybe we're done for today. I think we are. Yeah, I'm going to go ahead. I know I have my contacts on. I'm going to go ahead and yeah, I'm going to go ahead and end the call. Like I said, y'all always email us, post in the community, reach out to Tom, Karen. We're here to help y'all. But I think that does it for today. Cheers, guys. Have a great day. Bye-bye.