17 Management + Metrics with Tom & Karen Pierce  04 21 22 - YouTube.mp4
Um, so. Karen, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. So this is my first time on this type of call. I've done the marketing ones and all that. Um... We're going through the scalable OS and all that and getting it fine-tuned. We did one QSP so far. So we've done something kind of similar before, but this is a little bit more structured and it's going pretty well. But one of the things that I'm running into right now is... I kind of have two things. And, but the first is as I'm going through this and I'm trying to find like. How do I determine what metrics specifically are going to help? move the company forward and all that. And I feel I tend to be an overdoer or I.
trying to look at too many things and all that. So like, I don't know if you have any like tips or anything like that when it comes to like figuring out what metrics specifically to track. Because right now I feel like we're kind of tracking too many things. So I don't know if there's like a good process or a better process to say, like. Here's the three or four for each team or however many it should be. um within your organization that you know this is how you find it you know. So you said you've done your first QSP already. Can you share your company scorecard? Yeah. Let's take a look at what you're tracking. Carly, do I have access to that? Yeah, you should be able to share your screen.
Let me know if you have any troubles. So that should be good. Can you guys see that? Yeah, perfect. Okay. So some of these are brand new. We've never really tracked some of these things. Some have been kind of a little bit more of what we have. We have kind of two separate locations. We kind of just track it two separate. We're a fitness-based company. We have two brick and mortar. So these are kind of like some of our North Star metrics. So leads, ICS are essentially consultations. FEOs are like trial memberships. CO is core offers. Lost. Net COs. These are a lot of our new ones. So, like, downsell opportunities. So, if people want to cancel their memberships or recurring memberships, things like that, like, what percentage of them can we downsell?
Total upgrades for the month, goals hit, like, in terms of, like, why they're coming in, they have certain goals they want to hit. Um, people that are not showing up to workouts, there's no client left. Behind reviews. So social media kind of growth and different things here. We're trying to get certain types of posts. So that was what that top one is. Marketing is generally more where I'm at. I do a lot with marketing and I might not need all of these on the company scorecard. I probably could break it up into individual teams. But these are some of the ones that we're tracking here. Um, generally the bolded ones are the ones that I feel for our company are a little bit more prominent for what we want to do.
And then sales, like our sales conversions. So, like, essentially lead to appointment, appointment to membership or lead to membership. Different things there; those are kind of what we're doing and focusing on. You can kind of see each like individual team as as quite a few metrics which I'm fine with. But I feel like sometimes it gets overwhelming or then it gets convoluted. Like, so I don't know if there's. There's like just a better way or maybe I'm on the right track. Yeah. First blush, you've got... Way too many. Yeah, I feel. metrics here. And most of them should be on individual department head leaders. scorecards. For example, you've got a lot of data here that would really be more important on the growth scorecard. Or your marketing person.
is going to be accountable to that so they can see more deeply into the effectiveness of their marketing programs. For example, leads. Um, I question whether you really care how many leads you get. You're concerned at the top level about sales and retention, right? Yeah, for sure. That's what you should be driving. If your marketing person is doing things right, the leads that they're getting. And the number of sales conversations that happen and the conversion rate is what they're trying to optimize. And if they do that, you will see it in sales. You'll see it in revenue. So do you care if you're on an island? Having a wonderful vacation. And deciding whether you want to stay in a second week. How many leads you got that week. No, not really.
What are you going to care about, about whether you need to be back and mind the store because it's on fire? Yeah. Yeah. So that's kind of the the litmus test of, do I want to see it on my company scorecard? So, um, operation you mentioned there's a lot on content and engagement that that again would be marketing I would suggest that if content is really important, um in terms of driving driving business. Is that part of your product? And is that a category that we need here? What are you actually selling? Who's developing new products? Who is... defining what new packages are. That might be something that you want to look at up here. So more. Developing like, like, like, looking at how frequently we're doing new offers, things like that, as opposed to like.
Just tips that drive awareness. Not how frequently, I mean, you might run through a lot of different trials, but somebody's responsible for determining. For where your market is. Do they want month-to-month memberships? Do they want... do they want long-term lower costs, you know, pay it all up front? Do they want something that is somewhat customized with training? What is it that's really going to make the difference and make you stand out uniquely against your competitors? That someone needs to be responsible for that. That's your product, right? Yeah. Even just the idea of, you know, a new location. Right? That's an expansion of your business. That'd be considered a new market for you. New equipment, new offerings, new classes, whatever that would attract more people into your sphere.
I don't see anything that's directly related to that. Yeah, no— that makes sense. And I guess I've never really thought about it in terms of that. Um, I'm trying to think of, like, how would I how would I break that down into a metric exactly? Um, do you have maybe like a good example that might get my like wheel spinning a little bit with that? It doesn't have to be in my industry necessarily. Well, I guess it really depends. With your business. What are the types of products that you provide to people? What have you got on your list so far? Yeah. So we, most of our, it's service-based. We do do some products in terms of like supplementation and all that. But the majority of it is service-based.
So we do training only. We do... where they come in, they're either... in a group or private. And then we do. a higher level nutrition program that's roughly $3,000 over 12 weeks. It's individualized nutrition coaching and different things there and accountability of that. And then we kind of have like a, it's kind of like a trial, but it's also. Its own kind of nutrition accountability program that we run usually about eight times a year for like a six-week program, kind of like a six-week challenge. If you've ever seen those where it's like training and, you know, higher-level accountability and some nutrition coaching and guides and things like that. This might be something that... you could straddle either on the marketing side or as something as a top-level product.
But if I were running your business, I'd be really interested in knowing what are the new sales figures for each of those product offerings. Which one is growing and how fast? Does it mean that we double down on that one? Do we get rid of some of the product offerings? You want to be using this. Company scorecard to make the higher-level decisions. Okay. Is it a problem with price? Is it a problem with? Advertising. And messaging. Is it something on the delivery side? That the trainers that are providing this are doing a crap job, right? Yep. You want to see the numbers and then drive the actions. And the metrics that would identify the root causes to the the organization that's responsible for it. Okay. I like your NPS score being on the top level.
That gives you a pretty good idea of what's going on. Um, if you could scroll just a little bit here, let me take a look at some of the other things that you've got. So some of these operation ones, I kind of struggled with building or what we were going to do exactly. Um, some of our core ones that we've always tracked are. KPIs that are. have always kind of for the most part shown, but I agree with you on the lead part of it. Yeah. marketing it a lot.
So do you incentivize salespeople or is that just part of your? digital. outreach or how do you, how do you do sales? Yeah, so we do bonuses for every sign-up, so depending on the program. There's like a $50 signup bonus for our initial like training program. We also, for our kind of lead follow-up specialists, they also get a bonus as well— a small bonus. Per person that they like, kind of set up— you know, for the the consultation and then for our high-level ones, uh, it's—I think right now— it's 150 bonus for the 3, 000 program. Yeah. Who tracks lifetime value of customer? I do. I generally do it for a while. I wasn't really doing it that frequently. I'm trying to do it maybe every quarter or so, along with average revenue per member.
Just to kind of see where we're at with in terms of that. Um, Rather than some of the upsell downsell. Things that you've got on this, that might be something on a lower level scorecard that you might want to track. It would seem to me that. Average customer lifetime value would give you an idea of retention. And additional products that you're selling to them. Um, and I think that would give you a a better overall goodness figure for your sales team and the service that's being provided. There's a lot that's rolled up into that number, of course. But you're not looking at the minutia. This is meant to have that conversation for people to come and. Define what the root cause of something is slipping on that.
If it's growing, what are we doing right? And keep doing more of that. Okay. I think, I think you saying that makes a lot of sense. So like using this scorecard. And you already mentioned earlier, like for the higher level thing. Maybe not. I'm doing too much the minutiae things and it's more like, what umbrella are those under that that's really showcasing the— if my business is on fire or if I can stay another week on vacation. Yeah, I don't know how you can get through all of this data and have a real meaningful conversation. In the amount of time that we have a QSP scheduled for, because you could get into a whole discussion just on cost per click. Right.
And that's not if you're looking at your leadership team where you've got operations sitting there and you've got sales and you've got marketing and you've got. You. Um, half of your room isn't going to care. Right. Yeah. And that's the problem we ran into a little bit. And you need to have people engaged on all of these topics because it's important to them. Some of these numbers are going to or a good portion of the numbers that you're going to be tracking here are going to be relevant or people will have parts in affecting that number. There'll be this, you know, obviously like sales is responsible for sales. But you might find that slippage in sales has something to do with operations. or reputation management. or a particular trainer or something like that.
Yeah. I'm just throwing stuff off the top of my head. No, I get that. Sure. But it's still very helpful. So. Is there any, like... Is there any questions you ask or anything like that? to say, like, to like maybe ask myself to figure out, like, what are those big bang company metrics. that everybody would be kind of more engaged with. I don't know if I'm asking that well, but I wouldn't worry about how many people are engaged in it. As much as I would be. Concerned about what am I trying to achieve with my business? And when you've got that North Star, right? What are the things I need to know to make sure that we're on track? In each of these areas.
That should almost be an executive summary of the proof that you are either doing well or not doing well. Yeah. So as you think about what are you expecting out of marketing? What are you expecting out of sales? What are you expecting out of operations that says they're doing a good job? You're going to come up with. One to three. In each of those areas.
Okay. And then those are generally what you recommend, like the only metrics I should be looking at, even with those individual teams. So we're not breaking it down or anything in individual team meetings, anything like that. At the company scorecard, at the QSP level. That's what you want to be focusing on. Your people should be coming up with the solutions for dips in any of those metrics. They shouldn't be coming to discuss and problem solve as a group, although that might happen if there is no real obvious solution. But the idea is that they own it. The person that owns that category should be coming up with the information based off of what they've been tracking. To know that they're on the right path. That says, okay, we've switched up our YouTube ads.
Because we found this wasn't happening, and this wasn't happening. We were getting leads that were not turning into sales. They were the wrong people. They were just— whatever. on— They should be doing that on a weekly basis. That's the point of their scorecard and the detail that it. It captures. Not— not at the top level. Okay, so... it is it. It is acceptable if you will or more like some of these things. So, if I'm doing marketing, I'm doing our advertising, I'm creating the ads, different things there. I have a metric or scorecard myself associated with maybe some of these, like pillar KPIs that I think are important to track. But I'm not necessarily bringing that to the team and things like that unless things are falling off track and turning into an issue with some of those North Stars.
Is that kind of what you're saying? Well, how often are you pulling out your company's scorecard with your team? Once a week. Okay. So, Those numbers are going to be current. You're going to see the status yellow, red, green, right? Hmm. And. all of the stuff that they're working off of on their scorecards for their department. They're going to have more detailed information and see what's see what's driving. The numbers on the company scorecard. So, if your sales are starting to dip. Bye. Your marketing person and your salesperson are going to have—um— information about that. And. Talking to one another in between times about how to correct that. And come to this meeting on the weekly meeting with a, here's what we've got in place. Here's what we think is happening. And we've already started it. Пока. Your weekly meeting should be a... we understand the situation and here's what we're doing about it. Not reporting of Sales are in the toilet.
Does that help? Absolutely. Cool. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Awesome. Good to have you, Callie. It looks like Callie said the conversation is spot on for her as well. She's wondering how to have more clear objectives for each team member, not just the department managers. Oh, good question. I'll tell you what we do that's been very successful. When we look at the 90-day game plan, you're the one that says. I'm most proud of. And what I regret. You know, what, what I have confidence in, what I lack and, you know, the past, present, future. Um, sheet that we have. We do that down to every employee. On a quarterly basis. And the five things that they come up with. Usually is a really good indicator for us. About where they need growth.
Maybe training where they're feeling underconfident. Um, What they see is important in their job and we can realign that. If need be. But it also is something that's coming up from themselves rather than us telling them what their goals are. They're involved in that process first. We share with them what the big three are for the company. And how what they're doing feeds into those initiatives. So with that engagement, they see the importance of what they're doing and also how it affects other parts of the company. and other people that they're having to interact with, or what they're deliverable is to somebody else who takes it to the next step. And that has been very powerfully. I'm engaging the team.
To the point where even though they're all remote, Um, They are collaborating with each other, helping and training each other where someone might have more expertise in one particular area. Or having some questions about maybe a tool that we're using. They're constantly. helping and supporting one another. Which is really cool. And in doing so, they understand each other's. jobs, they create a not only just a collaboration, but a friendship and a A camaraderie? that really has some stickiness. I'm curious with that. So I went through that 90-day game plan sheet with the two team members that are on my leadership level. Do you then have, like, would their direct reports do that process with them? Okay. Yep. And it's really interesting because it will, it will show where. There is lack of communication.
So it'll highlight some areas of your managers and what they need to improve on. We also do quarterly performance appraisals based off of that. So from those five things, as we may correct them a little bit, depending on what the new big three are. But. That becomes their performance measurements for the next quarter. And when we do the 90-day evaluation again with them. Again, they're evaluating themselves and looking at what they've been able to accomplish, what they still need to do, how they see this moving forward, and what would be the next quarter's achievements. Hmm-hmm. Before we... Before we have them fill that out, though, we share with them the results of the most current QSP. So they also see that. Those three pillars that we've got.
The tasks that we've identified underneath them that are critical to accomplishing them, the metrics that we're looking at. And then they evaluate. themselves over the past quarter with the past, you know, quarters, three pillars and measure against what. What's happened and where they're going to go. So what's expected of the company and they see where they fit in, then it's like, 'Oh, if I'm really going to be successful there. I really need to learn more about this. Or I need to step up my game on. Um, prioritization of work. Or project management or whatever it is that they're working on. Mm-hmm. Honing the voice of my avatar. Um, and and so. Then we know what the training goals are for them based off of their own concern for their ability to.
To excel. And. That's factored into, okay, you're going to accomplish this training. Work isn't going to be the excuse for you not getting it. And that we put a high value on that. Yeah, so this feels like a very basic question, but do you find that the first week out of each quarter ends up being very meeting heavy until you have like reviewing? The results of the previous quarter with the leadership team, having that quarterly sprint planning, and then having these follow-up meetings. With a team, are you trying to get that into the beginning of that quarter as much as possible? We do our quarterly sprint at least two weeks ahead of the end of the quarter. And we use that as also the monthly review.
Because a lot of the same data is in there. Month may not be closed out, but by that time we know whether we've made it or not, right, for our monthly goals and certainly for our quarterly goals. But with that, then we have the time to do those reviews with the individuals. And start the next quarter on time. Okay, yeah. The more that we have been able to have the managers own their own scorecard, the shorter our QSPs are. Mm-hmm. The better we've gotten with the weekly meetings. The shorter our QSPs are. We're not redefining our North Star. We're not redefining our values. Wait, wait. The competitive edge may change just a little bit. Our purpose doesn't change. So we don't go through all of that.
That's a big, heavy part of the first QSP that you do with your team. But beyond that, once we get into a rhythm, now we're we're six or seven quarters in now with this. Um, We do the QSP on two days and we have them for, let's see, what are we? We plan. A little over two hours. on each of those days. Mm-hmm. And partly that's because we're dealing with very different time zones. We're very big on making sure that people are working during waking hours, not trying to to do the midnight oil thing, which is a big, big factor in the desirability to work for us. Um, But we find that, as we've gone along, we've been able to shorten them up and have them far more productive. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, super helpful. I think we're... in my company, right now, we're in a bit of um, we're pivoting some in our business model, as well as, you know, I'm giving more responsibility and actually truly creating a leadership team for the first time. So the meetings have been heavier on the side of 'What is the purpose? What are we doing? And then it feels like the actual getting into the metrics and getting into the focus and getting into the tasks has gotten a little bit squished. Just because of that. Yeah, time. Okay. What is your business again, Kelly? Online education on horseback riding, horse training. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, super helpful. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, Kelly. Awesome, guys. Well, we have about 30 minutes left.
Olivier, you got anything for us? Um, well, if you have a little time, perhaps we can discuss a bit my business in general. Because, um, for me, actually, the Scalabellos accelerator may be a bit um early in our journey. Um, because we have just grown the team, which, uh, before was a very very small team, and we were just for a long time doing chess books and we are really trying to expand. On the internet with chess coaching, online chess coaching, and courses. But this is at the very beginning. So, for instance, if I try to build the fulfillment engine okay for the books, it's relatively easy. For the online services, it's not possible yet because we don't know exactly what we are going to offer. Pretty working on this now.
Mm-hmm. and um, perhaps what would be interesting was uh, for me, would be to to show you some some work I have done along the lines of uh, growth engine, let's say, or fulfillment engine for the books, but not using the scalable methodology, but I did this a little time before it was with uh, systemology methodology, but it's quite similar, so you you get a clear idea of what uh, how our business works, and perhaps you can give me a few advice on how to to best use a scalable methodology. Okay, so let's share. on my screen, you know. And yes, if you can see this. No. Is it okay? Does it work? Yep, I can see. Okay, good.
So, um, yes, even even for the systemology methodology, it was a bit atypical our business, because normally the what they try to to make us do is a picture of what we get clients and so it starts with how people become aware, but it's very similar to how people become aware of the existence for the try to have more information. And for how we we try to to make them clients and then how we deliver, but for our books, Actually, it goes another way because we have to produce the books, I would say, blindfold. I mean, without previous contact with the clients. Um, because um Adiós. Usually, we don't have contact with clients. It happens that a few clients write to us, but our books are produced and stored.
In in booksellers stores and and then people find them there. And we don't have any direct contact. And so, and so it's... It's not possible for us actually to to try to find the clients before and say, of them, I mean, to sell them things that we have not delivered before, because it's the only thing we can sell them when it's books. We must have done the books before. Okay, so... um, so for us, it's uh, instead of a critical client flows which is using in system logic, I think a book project flow is better reflects what we are doing. The research is about what book should we should we try to to publish and um, so we were access the opportunities and then we try to buy the right when we are making a translation for instance or to to negotiate with the author when it's a new book.
Yeah. Here I've detailed the process for translations because we are doing more translations than original publications. And, um... so, our marketing, the main point, and for a long time the only point of marketing, um, is for the distributors team. because we have a distributor. who has a team of SACE people. who go to bookshops and introduce what books are supposed to be published in the near future. And so this is. the referencing in CIS documents, referencing. we entered the books we are going to produce into databases that all booksellers in France are using. And these documents are actually not for... us to use directly but we give them to the sales team of the distributor. And these people, they go to the... booksellers and introduce the books with those documents.
And then we start to produce the book. So we go into the book production flow. We get the manuscript, we work on it, we... uh, we proofread, we improve, we and the graphic design. We have corrections and finally, of course, we deliver the book for printing, in short. And... And then, when it's finished, the printer sends the book directly to the distributor's store. And then the book is sent to the distributor's warehouse. Oh. Who does the stock management? We're not doing it. Well, I mean. Uh, we are doing part of it because we know every month. What is left in stock. And so we see if we need to do reprints or things like that. And we do right managements and and This is the whole book project flow.
In short, but you'll see. These steps, aware, engage, subscribe, convert, most of the time they simply happen. In the bookstore. Especially when there are new clients who for chess books mostly are beginners. We cannot really advertise for them because we'll... uh, it. Very often the people who become interested in chess, one month earlier they didn't know that they would be interested. And so. They enter bookshops, they find chess books, and we have several books for beginners. Or four agents, players, and say, they are perhaps attracted to the cover. And perhaps they read the blurb on the back of the book. And that's it. I mean, it's difficult for us to... to do more from the marketing point of view because we are not of course a big publisher, which means to advertise a lot in magazines, things like that, for us, it's a very small business.
Chess is such a small niche that it would be meaningless, I guess. Thank you. To those legs. So, these books, they're not— it would seem the majority of them are not ones that you've actually written. Obviously, you're purchasing rights to translate and sell. On. somebody else's book. Yes. Does that include the ability to... I think we mentioned the last time we talked about maybe a QR code. Yes, we can put the QR code in the cover, yes. Yeah, with that, giving them something of interest for the book that they purchased. And promote maybe another similar book or certainly a way to contact you. You've got there. Information, right? Because right now, like you said, you have no idea who your customers are. You have no way to retarget.
If you do, it would be a cold traffic. Anybody interested in chess, for example. Yes. And you have no idea if they've already purchased your book. Um, and honestly, that would be a lot of expense for you to promote your brick and mortar bookstores sales. Sure. So it doesn't really, unless you have rights to sell directly out of your facility. Yes, we have and we do, but it's less than 5% of our income. Is that something you want to build up? Um, yes, in a way it's not so important for us, but it's um I think it should be um a side effect of the new project because the new project is internet based. So we we need to. to build traffic to run traffic to our web pages.
And if we have traffic for online courses or coaching, well, why not for our books? Wow. I'm thinking too— you have the opportunity. I don't know if you already do this, but a Kindle version. Kindle is complicated for chess for technical reasons. Because we have daydreams and... it's a zero space specifications for Kindles, which are difficult to... to combine with chess diagrams. It's possible to do but it's a lot of work and it has happened before for some American colleagues who do this. That the specifications changed and they virtually all the catalog was not compatible anymore. Well, I'm not sure exactly. The question, but I'll give you a thought that just went through my head. You mentioned the diagrams.
It would seem that if you were able to put a digital ebook together of the different diagrams that people had— kind of a ready reference on their phone, if they were playing somewhere and they obviously couldn't use it in a tournament, but. Um, that might be something valuable. That would be part of the book that they've already purchased, but since it's in a physical book form. You know, having something digitally that way would be. Yes, there are applications that allow us to do things like that, to have and the whole chess stuff— I mean, all the whole moves— not with the words, but with the comments of the book, but it's possible to extract all the positions and the moves and display them on a phone, for instance, or any device.
So yes, this is a great idea. Yes, we must adjust. Several things— for instance— in the contracts we we need to buy the rights for this too because it's an additional step. But it's an idea, yes, to—to— to ease the the move from paper to web. Well, what's interesting with with just having the diagrams is that if someone were to pick up that book and use the QR code on the back, but not buy the book. Not only would you have the name and email address or contact information, but they really can't get as much out of that. Freebie that you just gave them without the book. Yeah. So you have the opportunity to either, you know, retarget them to, you know, check in with them, have they been using it, how they like the book.
You know, in case they they didn't have it, you know, you could, you could send them to your own fulfillment on that. Um, but the other thing you could do is just sign up for our newsletter on Chest Tips once a week. Yeah, we try to do this, but slowly. Yeah, you need, you need somehow to bring them into your sphere if you're going to build up that self-fulfillment end of things. Is there any other thoughts in terms of growing your business for more? Your organ... Perhaps I can show you our website. I don't want to take too much time, however, if somebody else has a question. Amém. Can keep it for some other time. I think you're good, Olivier. I don't see any other questions, but we do have 15 minutes left. I noticed Jack just joined. So just drop a question in the chat and we have 15 minutes left. Let's go on the website.
Well, it's a PrestaShop store. And here we have the button for the newsletter. We have started. What's the need for code? But what? People need some help. Enter here. and we we have also a pop-up coming inviting people to subscribe to the newsletter. Okay. was more texting, so I chose to invite it to. Je ne suis pas un robot. Love it. Sounds much better than I am not a robot. I love it. So, and those are wise for standing. we have this coaching button but there's not much in it yet because we're really going to launch this in September, probably after the French chess championships. and we are partnering with the franchise federation. uh to to lose this Why after the championship?
um because uh It will be a good moment to communicate because the French chess championships, there are more than 1 ,000 players coming to play. It's a big event for us. So it's a big opportunity to have all those players in the same place. And we can advertise, and we must also prepare well. What we are we're going to offer—because, of course, we have ideas, we already have made some surveys about what are the needs of chess players. But we don't have the material ready or the team even ready. Now we are in the process of hiring or pre-hiring some coaches and defining precisely what we give our offer. And so it's too early to start.
To start now and also in starting from July, um, in July and August, the players there are all the time in tournaments, most of them. Mm-hmm. I'm just saying. Just wondering if they're preparing for the tournament. It would seem like you could ride on the coattails of the build-up to the tournament. And you know, the honing of their skills getting that one little extra—um, strategy. Even for those that are observers, being able to identify the strategies that these guys are using as they watch. Yes, this is interesting and very sensible to things that they should prepare before the tournament. Practice is a bit different, however, because most players are amateurs. And amateur players very often they know they should prepare. Then they don't prepare, and then they play the tournament.
And then we stayed prepared. This is the moment when they are most motivated. After the tournament. The same moment when they buy books. You know your avatar better than I do. Yeah. So, but uh, but actually, the idea is to help people understand what what's going on because now, when there is a big chess tournament, we can follow the games live. Well, of course, not for the thousand players during the tournament, but there is a... a top tournament with the 16 best French players. And the games are featured live on the web. and uh, and yes, it would be perhaps a good idea to to offer some commentaries. but thank you. the french s-federation already does it. so i don't know. exactly what we can do, but perhaps we can partner with them on this.
and have a few of our coaches. um, giving some explanations so so that the people get come to get to know the coaches better. do they have swag bags for the participants? yes. actually, right now there is a french youth championship. which is even bigger with 1500 young players and we have offered a book, a free book for every participant and it has been put in this bag. and uh, so. so i think. in this respect we are doing. we're starting to do okay. Even if you have to put a sticker on it, have something that would identify how to get back to you on the books. Yes, we we have um Putin... I don't know if the English word for marque page, you know, you put something in the book in order to remember what page you were there.
And so we we have put one in every group with our website information and also some some creating some curiosity because we we are announcing the Holy Breeze Club. Which is this online chess club we want to launch and keeping quite mysterious about what it will be because even us, we don't know. No, it sounds like you thought it out well. That's great. You'll have to let us know how it goes. Yeah. When is the tournament again? So this Friendship Tournament is right now. It will be over on Sunday. And the other tournaments, other championships, are in August. mid-August. So great. By now, we should be really ready and have started to promote the club. and opened the doors right after the championship, I guess. Wonderful. Sounds great. Well. Thank you.
If you happen to have any ideas, I know you will have. Thank you. You know. All right, I'll have a think on it. Awesome. Thank you so much for sharing, Olivier. You have some great ideas and yeah, your site looks great. Thank you very much. Of course. I like the banner with the chessboard squares. Yeah. And the books, the top of the book. I remember reading when that show Queen's Gambit came out during the pandemic that after that chess sales and like interest in chess soared like. some crazy like 200 or something um was that the case for you olivier absolutely yes it's it's the reason why we were able to start all this because uh before it was such a small nation plus in the french language you know it's not so There are many people speaking French, but most of them live in Africa and don't have enough money to buy books.
Um so, So it's a very small market, and we were just making it, but we never generated enough money to really expand before this series happened. And for us, it was a big change, yes. That's great. Yeah, that's really neat. Awesome. Well, we have a couple more minutes left. Jack, good to see you. Hey, do you mind if I ask a question to Olivier? I was just, I have you, uh, is it sounds like your main, uh, like bottleneck is like getting the, like people in to buy the books is what you're talking about some strategies for. Yes, it's part of it, but we're also trying to launch within a few months an online coaching program. Okay, got it. Do you work with any like influencers? I'm like a huge chess fan.
And I know there's like a lot of YouTubers. I was just curious if you work with any of like those YouTubers and stuff that talk about chess. Not yet. We have our own YouTube channel. Well, when I say 'not yet,' it's not exactly true because we have one YouTuber who is very active on our YouTube channel. He helps us by contributing some videos. But there are, yes, some other French YouTubers who are very active in chess, and we are planning to contact them and ask whether we can find any way to be partners. But we really need to be more clear about our own offer before, because exactly what will be the content of the online club is not yet completely clear. Gotcha. Cool. Yeah. It's a great business.
I mean, as like, I would be one of your customers if you have books in English, you know? So that's why I was curious. Cause that's probably where I would see it for sure is some YouTuber. Well. If you want any information about Chessworld in English, you may just... Thank you. uh, write to me. I guess where you can find me on the scalable group, yes. Cool. and uh yeah it will be a pleasure thank you you might do well with some alignment with with other companies or other like you said, influencers that have the same type of avatar as you, other game-interested people, more the strategic thinking games. um and if you have people coming to your site that want it in a different language.
making an arrangement through an affiliate link to the site that would offer in that language so that you get some sales for those leads. yes. thank you. or some money for giving them those sales. awesome. was that helpful, olivier? do you feel like you... got some good ideas. yes, thank you. it was very, very useful. and yes, this idea of affiliation is great because in french we have. far less products than in english. So, for instance, people who are looking for a very specialized book on a particular opening may not find it in French because there is no one. But they will certainly find it in English. Well, you also have some Canadian market too. Yeah, that's right. A small part of the Canadian market.
But yes, it's nice to have a French-speaking population all over the world. For our clients, 90% are from mainland France. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Constable! Well, thank you guys so much. It was fun to see everyone's screen and kind of share and take a little extra time with the smaller group. So I appreciate you guys showing up and sharing. We have about two minutes left, so I'll give you guys back your two minutes. And Karen, thank you so much, as always. So wonderful to have you. You're just a wealth of information. And I know everyone really appreciates your feedback and advice. So thank you so much. And have a good Thursday, you guys. Thanks again.