04 Brainstorming the Core Functions - YouTube.mp4
The first step to building out your high output team canvas is to brainstorm all the core functions that exist within your business. So what are those core functions? Well, simply put, your core functions are the key essential roles that exist in your organization. Said another way, if you have an executive team, the leaders of those teams, your... direct reports are likely heading up the core functions of the company. Now, in my experience, most of the core functions that exist within businesses fall into three categories, and those categories are product, revenue, and operations. Now, you may call them something different, but all companies are going to have teams responsible for creating and delivering your products and services, marketing and selling your products and services, and maintaining the general operations of the organization.
So, how is your organization structured? And what do you call the core functional teams responsible for creation, fulfilling, marketing, and selling your products and services? And what do you call the teams responsible for counting the money, paying the bills, and cleaning up all the messes that everyone else is doing? Is making. Most of the organizations that we work with are made up of between five and seven core functional teams. And the most common teams have names like product, marketing, Sales, accounting, finance, HR, operations, you get the idea. Now, software companies might have an engineering or technology team, media. The publishing organizations might have an editorial team, and physical product and e-commerce businesses might have a manufacturing, sourcing, importing, or fulfillment department. The point is, don't get fancy and don't reinvent the wheel.
Just make a list of all the teams that your organization needs to make the things you sell, sell the things that you make, and clean up the mess. Messes that get made when you're making and selling so much stuff. Again, most companies are going to have between five and seven core functional teams, but if yours has a couple more— or a couple less, that's totally okay. All right, once you have defined your top core business functions, I want you to add those to the team section of the high output team. team canvas. And just as a side note, when I list out my teams, I prefer to sequence them based on the customer journey. In other words, I list my product teams. First, because, well, we need to have something to sell before we can sell it.
Marketing will usually follow product, then sales, then general operations. Now, at the end of the day, the sequence doesn't actually matter. But what I found is that it's helpful to have a reason so your salespeople don't get upset when they're listed below marketing and your accounting team doesn't get mad when they're always at the bottom. Now, again, I know this sounds silly, but if you follow this method and explain why you're doing what you're doing, you'll not only prevent some potentially hurt feelings, you'll also make it easy to visualize the sequential flow of activity throughout your entire organization. Okay, once you have listed out your core functional teams and sequence them based on the customer journey, you're ready to move on to the next step.