Transcrição Completa: Day 12 - 100 Communications Per Day Challenge

 

[00:00] "still have to hit your 100 per day. And if you've been falling short for any excuses besides literally, uh, Jeremy, my leg fell off and on the way to the hospital, my phone ended up dying, so I couldn't hit my 100. Dude, guess what? You don't have any excuses. You still got to hit your 100."

 

[00:20] "So, in real time, okay? In real time. If you have any excuse, just bring it out, right? Don't try to like hide it. Don't try to like be soft in yourself. Don't try to like, you know, expose anything that's going to mess up your little ego mojo that you might have built up at this point because you probably getting battered in these communications."

 

[00:40] "You might be feeling bad. You might have so much like self assessment as to if you're doing the right things. You know, are the communications you're sending out the right way? Are you following up with video like I've taught you guys? Doing some video follow-up, you know, in real time, whatever. Are you on the phone? Are you in a meeting?"

 

[01:00] "Some of these things with just a lot of human interaction. It's sociology. It's also psychology. It's just we have to deal with a lot of people and a lot of things. It doesn't necessarily feel as great as you might feel when you have a lot less communication cycles to deal with."

 

[01:18] "So there's a lot more assessment of self when you put yourself in front of so many more people. So it's a natural mindset to have, which is once again why I say congratulations on even getting to this point."

 

[01:30] "However, it's probably holding you back from hitting the true number that you need to hit, which is 100 per day, every single day, not as a goal, as a discipline."

 

[01:42] "and your ability to absolutely annihilate, just spray those problems with Raid that holds you back might be something like, you know, you're looking at whatever it is you're doing, like on a video, uh, typing up your email, maybe you just did your screen recording, and instead of just sending it right away and having the confidence that you don't need to rewatch it, you're probably re-watching it."

 

[02:05] "At which point when you rewatch it, what's the intention of even re-watching it? Well, the intention is very obvious. If you're probably asking yourself right now and seeking that answer, I hope you did ask yourself that question because it's important. Figure out your reasoning."

 

[02:20] "It might be because you are in a position where you're unconfident in the action itself. Might be in a position where you don't have the certainty it was the right thing you said. Might be in a position where you think or you know that you messed up in the middle of it."

 

[02:35] "So instead of just annihilating that video, starting it from the top, and immediately going again in order to send the video out upon you completing it, in order to get your 100 per day, there's no room to have anything but confidence, certainty, in the fact that you're going to hit your 100 per day under any conditions."

 

[02:55] "You will improve throughout the 30 days because I want to tell you something cool, guys. Here's a little end result for you. Here's a little bit of the peak at the end of the uh the the pot of gold you guys are surfing down the rainbow, too, right?"

 

[03:10] "You're still climbing up, but you're almost halfway there. You're on day number 12 right now and you have an opportunity to right now have a little more confidence in yourself because after 30 days from the amount of people that you've spoke to, you will have an opportunity to have better social awareness, better social conditions, better behavioral traits, better assessment"

 

[03:32] "because keep in mind, you're a data machine. You're getting so much human awareness right now from all the communication, all the creation of all these cycles that you are in right now. Oh boy, you're closing deals. You're building your business. You're rocking out an agency right now. You got a lot of stuff going on."

 

[03:50] "doesn't matter. You have to hit your 100 per day. And in real time, you have to annihilate anything that's unproductive, a distraction. Mitigate all that stuff from your environment. And in real time, hit 100 per day by giving yourself the confidence that right now, although you might not know how to talk to people as well as you could,"

 

[04:10] "acknowledge the fact that on day one, you probably didn't talk as well as you are now. It's all about progress, not perfection. I'll see you on whatever day tomorrow is cuz I don't even know what day it is. You shouldn't either, cuz you should be hitting up so many people."

 

[04:25] "You know, you literally at this point should be like, 'Jeremy, I am fucking overloaded. I'm like the dude sitting at the desk that just has paper up to fucking here. I'm buried in communication.'"

 

 

📊 RESUMO EXECUTIVO

 

NÚMEROS PRINCIPAIS:

100 comunicações por dia (meta diária obrigatória)

Dia 12 de 30 (quase metade do desafio completo)

Day 1 vs Day 12 - evolução mensurável de habilidades

 

ESTRATÉGIAS E SISTEMAS:

Disciplina de 100 comunicações diárias (não é meta, é obrigação)

Vídeo follow-up em tempo real

Não revisar vídeos antes de enviar - enviar imediatamente

Se errar no vídeo, deletar e refazer do zero imediatamente

Eliminar distrações e improdutividade do ambiente

Foco em progresso, não perfeição

 

ESTRUTURA:

Desafio de 30 dias estruturado

Mindset de "máquina de dados" - acumular experiência através de volume

Sistema de comunicação em ciclos múltiplos

Abordagem de "annihilate problems" (aniquilar problemas)

 

DADOS PSICOLÓGICOS:

Sociologia + Psicologia = lidar com muitas pessoas

Auto-avaliação intensa é natural com alto volume de interações

Confiança e certeza são requisitos, não opcionais

Evolução garantida através do volume de interações

 

BENEFÍCIOS PROMETIDOS (Após 30 dias):

Melhor consciência social

Melhores condições sociais

Melhores traços comportamentais

Melhor capacidade de avaliação

Fechamento de negócios

Construção de agência estabelecida

 

DURAÇÃO: ~4:30 minutos FORMATO: Vídeo motivacional/treinamento direto - Tom confrontacional e direto, sem slides visuais, foco em mentalidade e execução