40. FTC Compliance Training Examples 3-15-25.mp4 Sweet. Welcome in everybody. So we're going to be doing an FTC compliance training today. Just to first of all disclose, I am not a lawyer. I am not an FTC. uh attorney by any means— I am a marketer that pays a FTC consultant. who previously worked at the FTC on a quarterly basis. To come in and review all of our current advertising, marketing automation, messaging, review, sales call recordings for clients and for our own business. And we've done it now for an extended duration of time. I'm not sure the exact time frame. I know it's been a little more than five years. So we have a rather extensive amount of training. On this specific topic. In addition to that, almost every client we work with— except for the ones that are just launching— are at a scale where the FTC matters a whole fucking lot. Typically, when you're at lower levels of the game, you have an illusion that the FTC doesn't give a fuck about you, but... They sure do. And they don't have the resources— or the manpower— to be able to monitor literally every single business that exists. But as you guys are all aware and starting to use yourself, you can see the level of technology that they also now have access to, to be able to deploy onto your sales calls, into your email lists. To accumulate evidence against you. So. Best practices for the FTC are more important than ever before. They are. Essentially just. Good ethics to also follow in general. And they keep. They keep you in a good... Honest place. Some of you in the group. Considering. Almost half. Of the entire inner circle at this point is outside of the United States. Like to think that you don't have any ramifications that can happen from the FTC. But if you sell to Americans. My friend, you have exposure to the FTC, so you can still get fucked. Unless, of course, you are in a country that has non-extradity. Whatever the fuck you call that, and you feel protected, then you might be. But just to be clear, regardless, we're going to go through some of those best practices here today. So number one. This is very important to understand. The reason, outside of just having FTC compliance, that we care about a lot of these things is because a lot of this is also just ad compliance lessons. And we have to understand that when we understand how the FTC operates, we also typically understand ad policy a lot better as a result. Ad policy in almost all instances is just shaped by current FTC cases. So as simple as it sounds, if we understand how the FTC operates, we have a much higher probability of also understanding what's going to get us disapproved and what's going to get us shut down. Um, for starters. When you go to the FTC's website in terms of resources, you have a tremendous amount of information that they make available to you here. In the instance that you guys want to do something like Train a GPT. You know, um, Learn. Read. or literally just... check out who's getting taken down for what. Um, you know, as a recent example we shared Growth cave. And we talked about. They're... Violent. Uh... rule breaking. And current case. Uh, this extensive set of lessons simply put, that we'll cover here today is going to be a uh, a great thing for you to all implement. And again, it reduces your liability tremendously. So without further ado, let's get started. Number one. You have to understand. That for starters. You cannot in any way, shape or form. Make income claims without extremely clear disclosures and evidence to substantiate it. Okay. So do me a favor real quick too, so we can understand who's here. If you sell a business opportunity, meaning something that you're essentially selling that tells somebody. If you give me X amount of dollars, I'm going to help you start a business. A business of any kind, to be clear. If you help somebody start some kind of business. Do me a favor, drop a two in the chat. If you help somebody. start some kind of business. or some type of business opportunity, drop a two in the chat. So we got a few twos. Do me a favor, drop a three in the chat. If what you sell. Teaches people to make money. Some type of like income claim. Something that has to do with earning potential. So again, drop a two in the chat if you teach a business opportunity. Drop a three in the chat if you do something that relates to making money. See, so it's funny looking at some of your guys' answers. Like as an example, Josh Villareal, you answer with a three. Which is teaching people to make more money. But correct me if I'm wrong, Josh. Is teaching people how to get involved in real estate, not a business. Right. And you got to ask yourself, is it up to your interpretation or is it up to the FTC's interpretation? Okay, so long story short, let's get started with the twos first. If you teach in any way, shape or form, a business opportunity. You have to be familiar with something called a BOR. Okay? For all the twos in the chat. Nick Mullen. You know what a BOR is? No. Stomar, you know what a BOR is? Lamar says negative. Ewan, do you know what a BOR is? You would answer with two and three. BOR is the business opportunity rule. Okay. Business opportunity rule is, to be clear, is a mandatory document. That you have to send to people. When you're selling some type of business opportunity. Okay. You can look up B-O-R. You can type in F-T-C-B-O-R. B as in boy. O as in orange, R as in Roger, B-O-R, business opportunity rule. Okay. You have to comply with this rule if you sell some type of business system or plan. If you promise or imply that the buyer will earn income. And if you charge some kind of upfront fee or you require some kind of payment to get started. Again, common examples that the FTC lists for this, just to be clear: vending machine businesses, online businesses. done-for-you setups, franchise-style businesses. coaching or training programs with income claims. opportunities requiring significant initial investment with promises of income returns. So think about that alone. Right, like most of you guys in the chat, when I asked you, 'Hey, do you teach somebody? how to start a business. Or do you just teach how to make income? Does the FTC technically still classify you needing to disclose with this BOR? Do you technically still have to follow the business opportunity rule? Kind of sounds like it, based on what the FTC describes it, right? So just so you guys understand what the BOR typically is. It's essentially like a risk disclosure document, okay? And you cannot take somebody's money without giving them this document. And then waiting seven days. So if I give you the document today, I have to wait seven days in order to collect your money. Even if the buyer says, 'You know, no, I don't want to wait. I want to buy right now,' you still technically have to wait the seven days. The document itself includes the seller's information, which is business name, address, phone number. and then the executives of the business, who they are, so people can look them up. You have to disclose any and all lawsuits and just any kind of legal involvement that you have as a business or as an individual. So if you have any kind of criminal proceedings against you. mainly what they care about is civil proceedings. So if you're being sued for any reason. especially by past clients. You have to openly disclose that under the BOR filing. You have to openly disclose your refund and cancellation policy. You have to have a clear earnings claim. Okay. And this is... Important to understand. The earnings claim is. A section that substantiates any claims that you make. Okay, it's not just one of those earning claims where you essentially are trying to omit responsibility for any claims that you've made. It's more so the actual evidence that substantiates any claims that you've made. In addition to the standard earnings disclaimers. This one's pretty interesting. You have to have a list of 10 different references. That people can call. That have bought the program or product or the business opportunity or the coaching offer. These 10 different people. Ideally get updated every three to six months. It's okay. If the same people are within it, but they care about. You going back and updating it. and at least looking if there's an opportunity to update it. And then. In addition to that, okay, I just want to reiterate. This technically has to have seven days. in between disclosing this to somebody. and then actually taking their money. Okay. So there's a few gray areas with this that are really important to understand. Okay. And again, I want to be really clear when I say this. I am not an attorney. I am not a lawyer. I'm not telling you what you can and can't do. I'm simply telling you how I've interpreted it. Okay. The BOR technically does not have to happen when it's a coaching program. Unless it's a business opportunity coaching program. So, if I'm selling somebody on starting a business, I have to follow the BOR. If I'm just selling a coaching program that technically makes people income, I don't have to do the BOR because I'm not teaching you how to start a business. Like, take you guys here with me literally right now is a perfect example of that. Did you have to have a BOR disclosed to you from us? No, because we're not teaching you how to start a business. We're helping you scale the existing business you've already got. We're not in the game of teaching people to start. Does that make sense? So that's an example of gray area. It's like, yes, I'm technically teaching to make more income. But it's not a business opportunity. So I don't have to do the VOR. But I do want to be explicitly clear. If you do in any way, shape or form help people start some kind of business, you do have to follow the BOR, the Business Opportunity Rule Guidelines. Okay. That. as like a single example alone. is one of the number one omitted like best practices you have to follow that they'll get you on. And there's pretty significant penalties for every person that buys a business opportunity that does not get a BOR disclosed to them. Um, there's a lot of leverage points that the FTC uses. When they officially come in and like try to allege a case against a business, let me just be really clear— when I say this, okay? Before we go into all the little things, like all the little tactics and all the little rules, just back to back to back. I just want to like kind of reduce fear and uncertainty a bit. The FTC is not out to shut your business down unless you are actively fucking Americans. Okay. If you are in any way, shape or form harming the American people, financially, they will have a much higher probability to come after you. If you are doing good business, if you are refunding people when they ask. If you are ensuring that. Again, you're just doing good business, man. Like you're taking care of the people who buy from you and getting them the result that you told them you can. You will not have a high probability to get shut down or have any kind of interference from the FTC. The FTC mainly steps in when you are clearly breaking the rules that we're going to lay out today. When you are fucking people by not refunding them. When you are lying to them about what you're going to do for them and you don't do it. And when you just do shady shit. Like they come in and they typically shut you down. Okay. There's many examples where people have viewed themselves as righteous, and don't think that they're currently doing anything wrong. Okay. Anybody ever heard of onyxing golf? Onik is... He was doing about 20 million a year. Anik was actually one of the people that we helped. with, uh, being a client of ours. And. This is one of the million dollar a month deals. So Onik ran a company called Learn. Okay. And he ran it out of Maryland. Long story short. É isso aí. completely shut him down. Okay. So they shut down his ability to sell all these offers. And the FTC always does these like press releases. Okay. And they openly disclose, like, what the reasons were. For like, why they come in and you know, tell somebody, 'Hey, like, you can no longer do that.' So here's a perfect example, right? Anik had a program for all kinds of like, make money schemes. With quote-unquote, outlandish claims about the kind of monies that consumers could make. OK, and one of them in particular in the press release is, 'Stay at Home Millionaire.' Okay. Learn. Meaning, Anik and his company, told the buyers, that they could fail 98% of the time, and still be able to make, $11,453 per month. So one golden rule of the FTC that they absolutely fucking hate. His income claims. With timeframes. Income claims, period, they fucking hate. But an income claim with a timeframe? You are openly rolling out the welcome mat for the FTC to come and fuck you, okay? If you've noticed in all of our weekly group call funnel review, ad review, and marketing automation reviews, it's like one of the number one things I have to point out to you guys. Damn near time and time again. This... is The easiest way to get taken down. Okay. It's just... Naming everything. Something to do with money. Okay. So like, look at the name of this guy's programs. Stay at home millionaire. Kindle Cashflow University. When you, on your page, say things like, 'Oh, dude,' you could fail 98% of the time and still make $11,453 per month. Let me be extremely clear though, okay? If Anik, in this specific example, could actually substantiate that the average buyer— meaning the true average of people who bought the stay-at-home millionaire program— actually on average made $11,453 a month. And with irrefutable proof. He could actually demonstrate that. In a way that the FTC agrees is like trackable and compliant. Which just so you understand means that a lawyer verifies the earnings of everybody who bought. And then found the average. Okay, he could technically make that claim. How many people do you know? That you yourself know or that you yourself are currently the one breaking this rule. Make an income claim. And have no fucking clue if it's the actual average of what the people make. Inside of that office. Okay? That's like one of the number one fucking rules that gets broken. Income claims with time frames that are non-substantiated. So it's like. Take you guys as an example. So recently, in the most like six or seven of you that have joined. You're at like a hundred K a month. Okay. I just joked around in the group the other day. I was like, 'All you fuckers who had a hundred K a month— better raise your revenue up.' Because now you're fucking up my group average. I now have to go back. For this group's disclosures. and lower my fucking average. because of all the people who just recently joined in, who only do 100K a month. So we no longer average as a group— two to 300K a month. Our average now is closer to about 170. So I now have to go back to the Inner Circle website. And I have to update that. Because to be clear, that's now the truth. The weighted average is now lower, comparatively to what it was. If I just left it at what it was, which is what it historically had been. We'd be fine. And to be fair, we'll get it back up there for sure once all those new people make more money. But you see my point. Is like just think about even that kind of thought process to go back and like willingly update the averages that you articulate and the claims. You know, and to be clear, have I had a lawyer contact any one of you and say, 'Hey, can you verify your income?' No. You know, we go off your word. So what do we also have to do? We have to articulate to people that our average is based on your word. We have to disclose that too. Does that make sense? So anyway. Listen to what I'm saying. FTC gives a fuck. about like honest disclosures. Have you guys ever heard me talk about somebody? That. I would have you consider doing business with. But then I openly say immediately after, I'm like, hey, by the way. I don't make any money off of telling you to go work with this person. I don't make a dollar off of you going and signing up with this company. Like if you've ever heard me talk about Typeform and Calendly. Okay. I don't make shit. off talking about Typeform and Calendly. But if I did... I would have to openly disclose that. I'd have to be like, hey, by the way. I get paid. As an affiliate. When I refer you to this specific business or this specific company. Okay. As an example of what I'm articulating to you. The FTC cares about you just openly disclosing and being transparent. About the financial incentives of your business. Okay. So back to my point. Okay, the FTC charges learn. They'd reach out to customers who paid for the program, sold by the company. And offer them additional coaching services that can offer as much as ten thousand dollars. So telemarketers, which is what they call setters and closers, the FTC's version of setters and closers is telemarketers. So this right here is a good example, right? This is low-ticket to high-ticket. There's nothing non-compliant about low-ticket to high-ticket. However, listen to how it's framed. So the setters would use a script that would ask consumers about their income goals. And no matter how large of an income goal the consumer said they had, the setters would reply, 'I'm 100% confident we can help you.' You know, I had a guy literally right before this. His name was Eric. He wanted to be an agency client of ours. And he says, 'Hey, Jeremy, I just watched a video you made on YouTube about challenges. And I'm thinking that if we launch together, I'm thinking we do a challenge.' And I was like, 'Yeah, man,' what are your expectations? And he was like. I want to be profitable on the front end. I ideally want to make like three, $4 million. And, uh... I'm like, okay. Have you ever done a challenge before? He's like, no. I'm like, have you ever run paid ads? He goes, no. I'm like, okay. Um, If I told you that you need to make like three days of three-hour presentations and like be able to craft a pitch for people, like would you feel confident doing that? He said no. I need help doing that. And I was like, yeah, sick. So like you stand no chance to make three or four million dollars off a challenge then. He's like, what do you mean? And I'm like, well, yeah, dude, you don't know fuck all about doing it. Uh... You're already busy and rich. So like, even if I sent you over the recording of the exact challenge that we did. Like, would you watch it and study it? Like, doesn't sound like it because you're not even willing to make your own fucking deck. How can you be an expert at teaching something and expect somebody else to make the deck for you, bro? Like the lady who did the three to four mil. She made her death. You know, and. You don't want to do that. I was like, she spent $292 ,000 on ads. How much were you thinking for your ad budget? He was like, probably like 50 grand. I was like, yeah, so you stand no fucking shot to make three or four million dollars. In Anik's case, with Learn, The FTC, if you'll notice, by the way. They don't just randomly pull this data out of their ass. They secret shop you and they go through your process. Think about this. For them to even get this information, what would they have to have done? Somebody put it in the chat. What would the FTC have to have done to get called by a setter to get upsold on something after they bought what? They would have had to buy the low ticket product. Yeah, you see? Okay, Devin asks in the chat, how does the FTC get alerted to a company doing suspicious things? Yeah, really easy. On the FTC's website. Consumers go here. And they file. That they're getting fucked by you. Pretty simple. And it doesn't take a lot. That's it. Doesn't take a lot. Just takes a few people going there and saying, 'Hey, I got fucked by these people.' So anyway. Okay, here's the part that I want you to learn from in this case, okay? It's okay to upsell people's stuff. All right. It's okay to sell people low ticket to high ticket. Was not okay. Is to say I'm 100% confident we can help you. When the person... has whatever fucking income goal it is. And the salesperson just says, 'Yeah, I'm 100% confident we can help you.' So hey, real quick, let's just do a pulse check. How many of you would want your closers to say that to people? Like, how many of you just by default would be like, 'I'm totally cool with my setters or my closers just saying, 'I'm 100% we can help you.' Or how many of you think my closers would never fucking say that? Like, I tell my closers to never fucking do anything like that. Like, no way. There's no shot that my fucking people would do that. You know? Josh. Are you okay on muting yourself and telling people about your recent sales team experience? It's okay if not, but I'd love to use it as an example. You can talk about it. Good. Okay, so long story short. Josh Billerreal here. He is not in any way, shape, or form admitting guilt. Or in any way she ever formed. Saying that he's actively fucking people, okay? Josh, you're a really good guy. As a matter of fact, Josh, I'm sure you would completely agree. You in no way, shape, or form were actively encouraging your salespeople to do anything non-compliant, were you? You were probably doing the exact opposite. You're probably telling them to be as clean as a whistle. Right? Yes, sir. And what ended up happening? Well, Josh unfortunately worked with one of the... worst fucking sales organizations that exists as a sales agency. Let me tell you. Here in America, we value the people who fight for our country. As a matter of fact, if you're a man or woman who's served in the military, what do people go up and say to you when you're out in the streets and they recognize you or you even just comment on the fact that you served in our military? We walk up to you and we say, 'Thank you for your service.' We shake your hand. We buy you lunch or dinner. We appreciate you. Okay. Well, Josh sells to veterans. He sells a real estate opportunity for use. One of the military advantages that they get. from serving in our country. It's a VA loan. Josh has incredible intention. Josh is a military veteran himself. And again, Josh, thank you for your service. To be clear, Josh is doing nothing but attempting to help. His fellow veterans. Get into real estate. and make some money. So Josh does twice a week webinars. Sacrifices. His quality of life and his body. For three hours twice a week, man. trying to help his fellow veterans. Get involved in real estate so they can get richer and live a better life. And who do they book a call with? The most dog shit sales team. on earth. They get told. Go into debt. Don't even pay your credit card, man. You'll be fine. We have a 100% success rate. On average, every person who buys our program gets a deal that pays them $3,000 a month in 90 days. That's $36,000 a year, man. You're worried about not spending money. But in reality, that mindset is going to prevent you from making money. Take the risk. Go into credit card debt. You don't even need to pay your credit card bills. If you're going to get $3,000 a month in 90 days from now, you can just start paying it then. They were closing 30 to 40%. But how were they closing 30, 40%? That one example is not isolated to a single person in that team. It's consistent across the fucking board. They're not even talking to people about their real estate ambitions. They're talking to them just about their financial circumstances and how they can get them to buy the program. Somebody will openly admit on the call, yeah, I'm not in a good financial position, man. Every dollar to me counts. I can't really overextend myself right now. Salesperson would be like, yeah, yeah, man, I totally get it, but listen. If you're going to make $3 ,000 a month in 90 days from now, Why wouldn't you just go into a little bit of debt? You know, the real success rate of Josh's program, who here thinks it's actually 100%? Who here thinks 100% of people buy Josh's program and make $3K a month in 90 days? We don't really know. His salespeople would say, 'I'm partnered with Josh. I do millions of dollars in real estate transactions myself with him, man.' Meanwhile, this is a salesperson talking in like some shitty apartment somewhere, man. Who's never done a fucking real estate deal in his life. Let alone with the owner of the company. There's a sales agency. This is one of the guys we denied to join the inner circle, by the way. It's a $4,000 offer. These closers would get you $1,000 on a firm. Thousand dollars on Klarna. A thousand dollars on after pay and then a thousand dollars on a credit card in order to buy the program. You know what the FTC, like I said, what's the intention of the FTC guys? What's the intention of the FTC? Are they just like ill-intended evil people that don't want you to be in business, that want to keep you poor? You know, absolutely fucking not, dude. What are they set up to do? set up to protect Americans. Financially, more than anything else. Ask yourself this. There's putting people into debt. With a low probability of them being able to successfully pay the debt. Does that sound like a good business practice? They hate that. More than almost anything else. There's a lot that they hate. But they hate that a fucking ton. You know, it's crazy. They openly talk about it all the time. Like this one that we were kind of joking about from how awful it was recently. It's called this growth, this growth cave business. With some uh, what's the dude's name here? Lucas Lee Tyson. This guy. Okay. So first of all, This was fucking insane. Like these people would put people into debt. They not only would put them into debt— how many of you have heard of the zero percent interest offers where someone's going to charge you like a couple grand up front? In order to get access to. 0% interest loans. How many of you have heard of it? Drop a one in the chat if you've heard of that. Drop a two in the chat if you have not. Where somebody will charge you a couple thousand bucks. To get 0% interest loans. Yeah, almost all you have. So listen to this, okay? So first of all, These people took approximately $50 million out of the American. the American man and woman's pockets. Okay. Listen to what they say here. Consumers seeking to start a business deserve an honest chance. not false promises of reliable income and expert help. false promises. Okay. The FTC has its eye on business opportunity schemes like this one and will take decisive action to stop them. In videos, Lee Tyson and BAT have claimed to be experts. Who have made significant money through the programs and techniques they sell. Who are ready to share their supposed expertise with consumers for a price. In these videos, Lee Tyson portrays himself as a marketing guru and self-made millionaire. The other guy, according to the complaint, implies he contributes to the success of the company. With his ability to fix negative mindsets and his certification in hypnosis. These two guys post videos of their lavish lifestyle as proof of their program's earnings potential. But according to the complaint, all those lifestyles are just funded by the consumers who lost money. To the bogus programs. The Growth Cave operation primarily is a scheme. Called Knowledge Business Accelerator. Which is sold via YouTube ads. KBA. For short. Is the central pitch. For this digital education program. Where they claim that people can make $20,000 to $50,000. And passive income. We did a whole class in our weekly group called Library. On how to say non-compliant things compliantly. Okay. One of those examples is the words 'passive income'. They like, they fucking. Heat. The words 'passive income.' Okay, this. Image that you see here. is taken. from their presentation they did. They're BSL. where they said it's impossible to fail. while also making the claim of 20 to $50,000 in passive income. Pretty fucking retarded. Okay, so long story short. In the BSLs, in the ads, in the marketing automation. These people would make these deceptive claims. They'd get pushed to a strategy call. where they were told they would begin making money in four to six weeks. So again, an income claim. With. A time frame. And... with no honest expectations. Okay, so consumers report that there was a $10,000 profit guarantee as well. And they would recoup the money to buy the program. According to the complaint, consumers would pay thousands of dollars each for the program. But soon learned the promises were empty. Okay. So here's where they start getting into trouble. Pay attention. They would have trouble reaching employees. They would have trouble retaining the assistance. That they were purchasing. So imagine, right? Imagine you guys buy the inner circle and that I just never fucking talk to you. And then when you hit us up for a refund, we're like, hey, get fucked. You know? Again, don't fuck people and the FTC probably won't fuck you. Okay, consumers report the growth cave did not develop. Anything that they promised. Inside of their offer. Instead, everything was just generic. Even after completing previously undisclosed requirements. So this is another really good one to point out. Remember when I talk about disclosures, right? Think about all the underlying. Like, think about the Hammond strategy. Think about the confirmation page best practices we've recently talked about. Think about the email marketing best practices we've talked about. Think about how those all correlate into what you can do on sales calls too. Everything that I've recently talked to you about is just telling you, like, 'Hey, be honest with people.' Tell them the real expectations. Give them an honest expectation of what amount of time it's going to take, what is required of them to do in order to see results with it. And a lot of you have reported back that you've gotten higher show rates as a result. That you've gotten people to show up more willing to close. Okay. Think about this. The number one thing that always blows my fucking mind when I'm teaching people about compliance that they say. It's all, well, my stuff's going to convert less. Is it? Are you kidding? Like, are you guys fucking under some spell that I'm unaware of that I've set on you? Where I've set highly illegitimate claims to get you to buy my offer. Or did I set extremely realistic claims with you? To get you to buy my offer. Like none of you are fucking dumb. You know, yeah, you all want to make more money. Yeah, you all want to fucking get to whatever the number is for you. You know? Yeah, there's a high probability that we can teach you some shit that you then go do that can help you get there. But it's like, do we promise that? No. Do we try to make it sound easy? No. You know, do we try to make it sound like it's just going to happen overnight? No. We set all these expectations clear as fucking day. Okay? And again, what does that do? Does that deter buyers? You tell me! You're all people spending money with me right now. Did that deter you from buying? You've likely had a high probability to watch my YouTube videos. What do I say every single time? That I talk about million-dollar months. What's the probability? Of hitting 10 million a year. According to the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, what's the probability of that? 0. 1%. That is 0. 1% is the probability to hit $10 million a year. Now, let me ask you this. Do you still think you could do it? Answer that. Do you still think you could do it? Does that deter buyers? Do you know who I deter by saying that? You know who I actually deter? I deter absolute fucking morons. Who have awful expectations. Who are the kind of people that, when you sell to them, will go complain to the FTC. Because they had audacious expectations that you failed to meet and that you played into, just so you could make a little bit of extra money. Really think about it. You're in the inner circle. When you look around at the people that are amongst you, do you think they're retarded people? When you show up to a mastermind, are you like, man, I'm in a room full of fucking dumb asses? But imagine, truly imagine. What? type of person would be in this group. If I set the opposite expectation. Really think about that for a moment. Think about what type of buyer I'd get. Do you want that type of buyer? What's the more sophisticated buyer probable to respond to? audacious, unrealistic claims that don't have clear expectations of what it takes for them to get a result. We're clearly set. Realistic claims. that are honest and true. Have you failed to disclose? the requirements and the reality of your offer. You get an absolutely dog shit type of buyer. That has an extremely high probability to complain. Refund, and in this case, complain to the FTC. You see what I mean? Now, listen, just to be clear, Josh is putting something in the chat just for the sake of Josh. I also want to give Josh huge props. Okay. When Josh found out. what his sales team was doing. Josh is honestly probably one of, I told him this just yesterday. I said, Josh, you are no exaggeration. Probably one of the fewest people on earth that would make the changes necessary to make your business compliant. Like I said, guys, his sales team's closing at 30% to 40%. Josh, right now, he went from $300K a month when he first joined in here to $600K a month. Really think about the financial ramifications of what's going to happen to Josh's business going from completely non-compliant, closing at 30 to 40% with broke people. To all of a sudden switching to being extremely compliant in his sales efforts. What do you think is going to happen? You think he's just going to keep going up in revenue? Oh, he's probably going to have a contraction. So outside of Josh's... essentially financial incentive. He decided to go against that and make the right decision and become compliant. Again, extremely good on Josh. You know why? Because I'm sure Josh realizes this. There's an extremely high probability that the FTC is likely already up in his ass. And unbeknownst to him, building a case against him right now. Why? Because he's working with a sales agency that does that on every single fucking deal at scale. And is fucking American. So when Josh all of a sudden changes his business practices, The FTC is going to look at that and think, 'This isn't a piece of shit.' He made the right decision. He's not trying to fuck Americans. And just like he said in the chat, he also intentionally went out of his way. To refund everybody after listening to all these types of sales calls. Anybody that was closed with that level of expectation willfully refunded. Before they even asked. Think about that. That's good cleanup right there. That's great ethics. But again, that's also an incredible way to reduce dramatically the liability that he otherwise created for himself having a sales team that does that. Real quick, ask yourself this before we continue. Do you think the FTC would... Be like. Oh, well, Josh, you hired a sales agency. Oh, that doesn't count as you. Do you think the FTC will say that? You're absolutely fucking nuts. They're an extension of him. They don't give a fuck if it's a vendor or an internal employee. If people, on behalf of your business, make the audacious, non-compliant, and highly unethical claims, Josh is going to be the one that gets the blunt end of getting fucked by the FTC in that example. You see what I'm saying? Okay, back to the point here. Few more lessons and then we'll just go through them all kind of. A little bit more concise and tactically. Всё. Back to Growthcade. Okay. So first of all, completely non-disclosed requirements. But the people would do it anyway who bought because obviously they're desperately trying to get their money back that they paid. They'd launched their courses, and many people learned that they were not even coming close to the promised level of income of the $20,000 to $50,000 in passive income. The schemes also, the schemes operators also pushed an upgraded version, aka an upsell. For a mastermind. So they sold a coaching program. And then. They upsold a mastermind. So? With that mastermind, the additional promise was. Dude, you're going to do an extra $30,000 to $50,000 if you buy the mastermind. And again, they never did. So according to the complaint, Of course, buyers. including those who paid for the upsell for the mastermind. Did not make a single sale and therefore did not earn any income. Instead, they find themselves owing thousands of dollars to growth cave, credit card companies, third-party lenders. Prompting numerous consumer complaints. Watch this. You ready for this? So... Okay. Long story short. The Growth Cave people. Would also actively get people into debt. Okay. And they would charge people. They would charge people to go into debt. So listen to this. So these people. Would charge. On average for the 0% interest business loans. But in reality... The consumer would pay $6,800 upfront. For them to just go and apply for multiple business credit cards. Those offers are excessively non-compliant. So. They would charge for a course. They would charge for a mastermind. They wouldn't get any fucking results. They would charge to go apply for credit cards. They would use that 0% interest hook. They wouldn't deliver on jack shit. And by the way, this whole paragraph right here. says that the testimonials that they had. We're all from. the employees of the business. And that was never disclosed. So again, these guys are real pieces of shit. Okay? That's the whole... Point of this specific FTC disclosure here. Okay. Don't be a piece of shit. And you won't have trouble. But understand the underlying principles there. It's like, listen to this, right? Is Josh... A piece of shit? No! Josh is not a piece of shit. Josh is a really good person. But was Josh's sales team literally doing all of this? Josh's employees, his salespeople, said, 'I make millions of dollars with Josh in real estate. They would put people into debt with the credit cards and lenders. Okay? They would make unpromised claims that would never get fulfilled upon. $3,000 in 90 days, dude. Like, don't even pay your credit card.' What happens when you don't pay your credit card? What happens to your credit score? What happens to your ability to financially be in a flourishing position when you don't pay your credit card even just once? What happened? You fucking score nukes, dude. You know, your total ability to go and pull money and credit goes down dramatically. Okay? You know? So again, is Josh a piece of shit? No. But is Josh's sales team a piece of shit? Yeah. Yeah, they were. And is Josh's sales team breaking literally every rule we just discussed? Yeah, they were. Did Josh, thank God, have enough money to refund people that were sold into the program that way? Yes. Did Josh fix his business practices? Yes. You know? You see what I mean? Dude, crazy. Okay. So anyway. You can go to the FTC's website, click enforcement, and then go to cases and proceedings. And you can read all kinds of different reasons and cases for like why people got taken down. There's plenty. There's so many, okay? From big to small. To like little tiny ones. Uh, You know, a good example of this, like, what's his name? Dean. Graziosi. Dean Graziosi got taken down by the FTC as an example. This guy was partnered with Tony Robbins. He got taken down for his real estate investment training offer. Uh, onyx single got taken down by the FTC. Uh, there's been, I don't even know, how many of the done for you like automation people that have gotten taken down by the FTC. Um. My point is, is like. Just go and read some of these. You know, it'll help you tremendously. All right, long story short, I'm going to rip off a few of the clear rules just so we're all on the same page. So first of all. You just have to disclose everything in a very honest way. You have to disclose expectations. You have to, if you're creating a business opportunity, do the actual BOR filing and give people seven days before they buy from you. You have to have truth in your advertising, dude. There was one of you the other day. He's a newer Inner Circle member. That said, um... I'm not even selling somebody something. I'm actually trying to recruit people for a job. And the ads and the headline on the page for the job said, 'Do you want to make $3,000 a week? Travel. Not pay for housing. And what it's for was for a door-to-door sales job. Even that, like he's not even technically selling an offer, but he's selling employment. If every single person doesn't make $3,000 in a week, that's a noncompliant claim and you can't make it. He was wondering why his ads were getting shut down, why CPMs were fucking sky high on the ones that continued on. You know? Can't do that kind of shit. So truth in advertising. You have to avoid misleading claims, okay? A lot of these you'll notice tie together pretty well. You have to be able to substantiate every claim. Okay? So listen. Any fucking day of the week. If somebody asks me, I've been praying for the day this occurs. If somebody's like, 'oh, dude, who are the 40 people that Jeremy helped make a million a month?' I'm going to make the most baller fucking YouTube video ever. With the most like matter of fact responses and just go through literally all 40 of them. Disclose my involvement, disclose what we did, disclose how long we were in the deal. I'm just going to put my fucking balls on the table and just be like, 'Yeah, look at them.' You know why? Because we track it all. Because we can substantiate what we fucking say. You know, because you have to. You have to be able to substantiate what you actually talk about. If you can't substantiate what you talk about, then you don't get to talk about it. Okay, testimonials must be genuine. Okay. You can't have fake reviews. If you do pay people for testimonials, you have to disclose that you pay people for testimonials, to be clear. Like I told you at the beginning of this, your affiliates. You have to be transparent with people saying you're an affiliate. In an affiliate relationship with them, anytime that you offer that, any kind of financial claim has to be verifiable. Like I talked about at the beginning of this, you have to be able to just. Have an actual attorney and a lawyer go and verify that somebody has made whatever it is that they're claiming that they made. If you want to turn around and leverage it without disclosing that you did not verify it that way. Okay. You have to verify. You have to avoid. Any kind of like typical results claim without evidence that that's the actual typical result. Really important. I'm going to give you a really good example with the inner circle page. Okay, and like I said, I actually have to update this later today. Because of. the most recent people pulling down the average for the group. Okay, so look at this. Headline. Page, no income claim, okay? And then a fucking giant income claim. Massive. Immediately. Before any of the testimonials in the same size font in the same colors preceding the testimonials where James says, 'I make a million a month. This program's fucking sweet.' It doesn't matter how much money you make, dude. Jeremy can make you more money, you know? So before every single one of these. We have a massive fucking earnings disclaimer that you have to go through. Which, like I said, I'll now have to update. Because I disclose that the average person in the group does about two to 300 camera. Which is now about 175, Kim. OK, which is a weighted metric that we track, by the way, based on what you guys talk to us about. And I also, to be clear, have to update it and say, 'This is based on what you tell us. not lawyer verified.' You see? But again, you see what I'm saying? So when I say that you have to have. Disclaimers. close to your testimonials. What the FTC considers as like close to your testimonials and similar is, okay, if you have a testimonial in like a font of whatever in that size font, the disclaimer has to be in the same font in the same size font. Just as an example. Right. You can't just like have a testimonial and not have a clear disclaimer that's like close to it or in the same size text and font and all that fun stuff. So you can't just throw it in the footer of the website. Okay, limited time offers have to actually be limited. So if you make some kind of claim where it's like, hey, this is only on sale for this long. First of all, you actually open yourself up to civil liability for that. There's been a lot of different lawsuits recently that are like just private lawsuits, not in any way, shape or form associated with the FTC. Where businesses, mainly e-commerce stores, have said that classic price slash and then the real price next to it. And these private companies, these lawyers, dude, they just monitor your website. And if the price never goes back up to what it ever was, they'll sue you. And if you can't prove that anybody's ever bought in it for the original price, then you lose the case and you forfeit like millions of dollars to these people in most instances. Or whatever you're going to settle the case for. So not only with limited time offers or discounts, as an example, do you open yourself up to FTC liability? You also just open yourself up to civil liability period. Isn't that crazy? Refund policies have to be clearly communicated. You just have to have privacy policies. That's technically a part of the FTC. Any kind of free claim must be true. So you know how some people do the... like free books. But they actually charge like shipping and handling as an example. When you advertise something like that, you have to say, 'free book.' You just pay for shipping and handling. You can't just say 'free book.' If it's a free book, it has to actually be free. There is no 'like upsell' shit that you get to put with that, that you don't disclose. Okay, to be clear. This is really important to understand too. This is always a funny one for me. We'll get people. that are just doing organic. that are transitioning to paid for the first time. that think 'That they are.' like able to just do and say whatever the fuck they want organically. And that it only starts to count when you do paid. That is so not true. That is so far from the truth. every single thing that gets posted on social media. falls under these exact same rules. So it's not just related to advertising. It's just anything that gets posted on behalf of the business, period. Falls under these same exact rule sets. So there's no like, oh, we like, I'll sometimes get people that'll be like. Oh, dude, we got our non-compliant funnel for organic. And we got our compliant funnel for a page. It's like, yeah, you're a fucking retard. Okay, you have to be compliant across the board. Okay, because again, I want you to understand this. At a low level of the game. To be fair to you. I'm not telling you you're not going to get sued by the FTC at a low level of the game. There's always a probability for that, but it's just like getting audited by the IRS. Like you technically have. Under like a 0. 5% probability to get audited by the IRS when you make no money. When you officially start posting like $1. 5 million plus net returns for your taxes, your probability of getting audited goes up immediately to like eight point something percent. And it only goes higher the more money that you net post on your taxes. So it's like, yeah, when you're making less money, you do have a dramatically lower probability to have trouble with the FTC. Which is generally where a lot of these non-compliant practices are used the most. I typically find people that are in like the 100 to under 500K a month range. are the most non-compliant people by far. Because they haven't really spent a lot of money on paid ads. So they haven't ever been manually reviewed and they've managed to skirt around the AI. They use excuses like. Oh, well, Jeremy, I'm not getting shut down by the AI. That means I must be compliant. It's like, no— you fucking dipshit. You're not. You just haven't spent enough money for them to actually give a fuck about you yet. And when you finally get to the point where you start to scale and you start making some real money. You're going to have to change your entire business practices to become compliant. Or, these become dramatic issues for you. So why not just start now? Again, you're not deterring buyers, you're deterring retards. You are attracting sophisticated buyers when you do these things. You're not losing money. You know, that's the most important thing in understanding. You're not losing money. Okay. So don't be the guy who has a super. non-compliant organic version of your funnel. and a compliant paid ads version, okay? That's still not cool. You, um... They want you to update disclosures regularly. So like, just like what I just said to you now. Okay, it literally has been within the first 15 days of the month. We've had like six more of you guys join. One of you makes 200K a month. Five of you make 100K a month. When I add that to my weighted average. You fucked me up. And you make it so I have to go and update my disclosure. Okay, just as an example, like that's just a best practice. You just go update your disclosure. That's all. You see what I mean? And as you guys hopefully go and make more fucking money. I'll get to update it again to be the opposite. Görüşmek üzere. Okay. They want no false guarantees. So you need to avoid any kind of guarantee. With a specific result unless it's fully substantiated. So, as an example, with the Growth Cave people, they said they had a $10,000 profit guarantee. But when you go and audit the quantity of people that had made $10,000, it was like next to none. So that guarantee is considered noncompliant. Okay. Also, when people don't meet the guarantee threshold, they don't get a refund. But when the probability of people making $10,000 is like next to zero, it just renders the guarantee worthless. The guarantee in that case was just a deceptive sales tactic. That's how that's interpreted by them. Okay, to be clear. Everything that I'm talking about applies to ads, funnels, marketing automation, sales calls. That's pretty much it. There's some other stuff to be clear— like if you get a complaint from somebody. You can't ignore it. Like you have to actively like do something about it. So, for example, if somebody bitches at you and is like, 'Hey, uh, you know, I want a refund and you just ignore it.' Like again, that technically also falls under some FTC issues. You cannot consume. I'm sorry, you cannot pressure consumers into debt. Okay. Somebody has to be willing to go into debt. There's a big difference between the two. You cannot pressure people to go into debt, and be willing to go into debt. You have to, again, when it comes to disclosures, to be clear, to just list them off a little more granular, you have to also clearly state any costs and fees. So, like if we use Josh's offer as an example in real estate. You know what his salespeople would say? They'd say, 'Oh, dude, your only cost is the cost of the program. You don't have to come out of pocket another dollar after this. This is it.' Who here thinks you can buy real estate with zero dollars out of pocket? What do you think the reality is of that expectation? Like is that? Just, I mean, to be fair, like there's a probability of that being true. I guess. Maybe you could do, like, a seller financing deal in certain instances and come zero dollars out of pocket Some of them, maybe. Do you think every single person is going to only spend the cost of the program and then come $0 out of pocket after? No. You know, you have to be able to tell people. It's like the guy saying, like, I told you with the agency example, 'Oh, dude, I want to do a challenge funnel like you did with Cody. I want to make $3. 4 million. It's like, all right, well, she spent $292,000. How much do you want to spend? I want to spend 50. Okay, great. You're not making $3. 4 million. You see what I mean? Okay, you have to avoid having any kind of false urgency. So a good example of this: You bought the inner circle at whatever you bought it for. When we tell you on the phone, after X amount of people that buy at this price, we're raising the fucking price. And then guess what happened? We raised the fucking price. OK, you can't just tell people. Hey! You know, if you don't buy by Friday, we're going to raise the price. And then not raise the price up. You have to actually raise the price. If you are going to do any kind of like urgency related to price, and/ or discounts as an example. Um, let's see, see if there's any others that I haven't covered so far. You have to have transparent refund and cancellation policies. You have to do basic stuff like just respect do not call lists and like email opt outs and all that fun stuff that technically falls under FTC's jurisdiction. Also, this one's pretty interesting. You have to properly identify yourself and your company. So. You have to be able to be like essentially somebody that can be researched. You guys ever see like influencers that operate under like weird nicknames? And like, when you look them up, you can't actually find out who they are. And then, coincidentally, when you find out their name and you search their name, you're like, 'Oh my God. Like this guy's a criminal.' You know? Can't do that. You have to have like a real name that you're operating under. Okay, you also have to make sure this one's pretty interesting. You have to have explicit consent to be able to use testimonial. Can't just like clip stuff and then just go flex about it without actually asking the person if you're allowed to use it. That one's pretty interesting. That one also gets kind of technical because there's these, there's not like a standardized form for this, to my understanding. You have to essentially have like a testimonial usage document, almost like if you were going to be filmed on a TV show, they have you sign a release form. You have to essentially have like documentation that supports that you have permission to be able to use testimonials. Um. Some of these last ones. These ones are more nuanced stuff. They're not like the big ones, but still, you know, they matter. They never want you to misrepresent credentials or endorsements. There was actually a period of time. It was back in like 2019, 2020. where there were these people that were claiming that they like spoke at Harvard. And in reality, there was a business that set up a FAKE! Harvard classroom. with fake Harvard logos. that you could pay them to go and do a presentation at to make it look like you spoke at Harvard. That's a big no-no. You can't say you went to school somewhere if you didn't go to school there, you know, that kind of thing. They hate when you exploit people's vulnerabilities. So. You know, financially vulnerable people, elderly. Uh, people not able to afford the service. Like I said, that ties into. Putting people in debt. And then. Yeah, the last one, and this one's actually really interesting. This is actually... Arguably, one of the more interesting ones when it relates to, like, the sales team stuff. If somebody wants to end the call, you technically have to end the call. Sales teams will generally be taught to like overcome the objection of, like, you know, hey, I got to go. When they just want to abruptly end the call, technically it is an FTC compliance issue if you do not actually allow them to end the call, as interesting as that one is. Okay. Does anybody have any questions on any of this? Anything that you guys have that you guys want to add, anything like that? I have a question about the real estate example you said with the like the. You know, buying a deal with zero dollars out of pocket or whatever you said—um. With that claim, are you saying, like, you can't? Use that angle, essentially, or that hook. Or are you saying you can't make a claim like this— is... the claim we're saying that you will get when you buy our program? Are you saying, like, which— You just have to be able to say, like, 'Listen, there's a possibility you can come $0 out of pocket in a real estate transaction, but— know there's also a lot of probabilities that you know you will be coming out of pocket depending on what type of deal you do, like you just have to be honest about the disclaimers. There, you just have to say 'Yes,' the probability exists you can come out of pocket zero dollars. However, there's also a probability you will need to come out of pocket. Like, here's some of those situations for an expectation. That's all. You can still use the claim. Keep in mind, you can still say stuff. You just have to be transparent about how you're saying it. Does that make sense? Got it. Can I ask a follow-up question? Yeah, good, good. So if I or someone on here says, 'I was able to make X amount with my blah, blah, blah business over this timeframe,' you should just follow it up by saying, 'I'm not claiming that you will make that.' Yes, exactly. And then just follow up with that, right? That's exactly right. Yeah. Hey, so in a recent client's challenge funnel, they did $3. 4 million. They were 1. 9x profitable on the friend end. I'm not sitting here saying you're going to be able to do that. You probably won't be able to fucking do that. However, I'm going to go through the lessons of what those people did and how it worked. So you can pull some of those lessons and maybe do something positive in your business. Let me give you an example of like a really non-compliant one that I literally saw just this morning. Let me make sure that I share it with the sound. Okay, watch this. This is super non-compliant. I was a millionaire at 28. Good for you, you're probably thinking, but what's that got to do with me? Well, I can show you how I became a millionaire, so you can too. This is me, the grand old age of 17, with my mum and my auntie Jodie. That year, I bought this. This is 269A Roman Road, East Ham. for £9,000. I did it up myself, a few kitchen doors, a bit of paint, a few carpets. A year and a half later, I sold it for £33,000. So that is £24,500 profit in 18 months with no tax of any kind because I lived in it. Now, simply, I did that four more times, and by the age of 28, I was a millionaire. Did all this at the same time as I was doing a day job. Now, if you'd like that kind of journey, and if, 10 years from now, you'd like to be a multimillionaire, come and spend time with me on Sunday, Sunday evening. I'm doing a webinar, myself and Abby. And if you want to come along, just put 'webinar' and let's see how quickly you become a millionaire too. See you Sunday. Yeah, so that's fucking insane, dude. Yeah. Like, you see what I'm saying? Hey! You want to be a multimillionaire? Like join my webinar. You know, I was a millionaire at 28. Let me show you so you can too. Like, dude. Insanely noncompliant. Like that's a great example of what will get you absolutely fucked. You know? Okay, other questions on this, comments, things you guys want to share? Hey, Jeremy. Here we go. Yeah, what's up man? Yeah. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about... what's it called? Office stacking, I think that's what Bunkster does work. He put like an itemized list of all these things. You're like, 'Oh, this is usually $5,000' and this is usually $10,000. But altogether, this is only $500 today. Yeah, so let me tell you when that would be compliant. If you actually have ever sold that stuff for those prices. And people have actually bought it at those prices, you could technically do an offer stack like that and it would be compliant. You would say, 'Okay, so I give you this for this much and this for this much and this for this much.' But today, if you buy, I'll give it to you for this. That is super non-compliant because you tell me a single fucking instance where somebody that's done that has actually sold those things that they randomly mark up to whatever fucking made up price it is. That have actually ever sold it for those prices. So to be clear, it's non-compliant. When you just stack a list together in a value stack and then just put a bunch of random prices that you've never actually ever sold it for. And then just say, 'and you get all this for this price, non-compliant.' Super fucking noncompliant. It is compliant when you've actually sold those things at those prices. And give it to people for whatever price you want to in that specific offer. That's totally compliant, to be clear. But like, you know, Russell as an example, like he'd never fucking sold any of that shit that he does in his offer stacks for those prices. And he always inflates it to like such an extreme price point, dude. So yeah, again, noncompliant. Other questions, comments, concerns, things you guys want to share? Okay, I'll share one more thing. So a lot of this, obviously, I've related to like income. and making money. All these same lessons apply for things that are just claims in general, period. So it's not just making money things. It's whatever you're like, dude— you could teach people something that relates to like personal training as an exam. And if you cannot substantiate the claims that you are telling people they can achieve, you can get in the exact same level of trouble that we're talking about right now if people would go and complain to the FTC. Or they just start to investigate you and you get in trouble for it. Okay. Another good one that's happening right now is a perfect example. All the people on TikTok shops—those that openly just promote random fucking products they're affiliates for. But they never disclose that they're affiliates. That'll get TikTok and all those people into individual trouble. There was one recent instance. Where, let me actually see if I can find this guy for you so you guys can learn some lessons from him too, because he's a really good person to follow for this. Um. Name's Rob. Like Rob, he's a... Rob is a lawyer on Twitter. and He does a really good job at consistently His name is Rob. uh maybe friend or friend I don't really know, let's see if we can pull it up here. Let it focus. Come on. Okay, whatever. I'm just going to screenshot and put it in the chat. Okay, so this guy, if you go follow him on Twitter. He just consistently tweets and talks about checking the Telegram chat, everybody. Um. He just consistently tweets and talks about. like compliance lessons. uh and like actively pulls stuff from FTC filings. And. He like even like quote tweets people and shares like what they're doing non-compliantly about whatever they're actively promoting. These are all things that are, you know, great lessons in terms of resources. Just to point you in the direction of like multiple resources. To be clear, one. Guys like Rob. Two, obviously just the FTC's website. And you just go read through different cases. And then three, lawyers. You talk to FTC attorneys, there are so many guys that have worked for the FTC that are like prosecutors that are now just consultants. There are many of them that you can just literally Google and just hire like as consultants to come and review what you're currently doing. And that's ultimately, to be fair, where you're technically going to learn the most. Because, as I'm sharing with you at the beginning of this. I'm just going through lessons that I've paid to learn, that we deploy. That we ensure in every deal. I'm going to give you a really good example just to end the call. Josh, can you unmute yourself real quick? Yes, sir. What did I do with you last night? When you wanted to become a client of ours. What was the part of our sales call that related to compliance? Did it come off like I took it quite seriously? Or was I very passive about it? Very seriously. Give a synopsis, like just a summary of... The things that I talked about with you on our sales call, just to demonstrate, like what we have to do when we potentially take on a client to understand risk and liability. Well, one of the things that we talked about is now we have to. Get business insurance to make sure that everything is insured now, just so that everything is separated and all the details of all the ads and copy are good to go. We talked at length with Josh for probably a good 20-ish minutes of our call last night where he wants to transition to be a hands-on client. About clear expectations, about how the first month likely is going to look transitioning from the most non-compliant sales team on earth to a compliant sales team. We obviously talked about a marketing plan. We disclosed clear expectations of results, potential, timelines. You know, what we're going to obviously do on behalf of his business. But we also ask some really hard questions. We said, 'Okay, so since you've sold so many people in a non-compliant way, how's your refund rate look? How's your chargeback rate look? How much money do you have sitting around to be able to refund people?' And that's where Josh openly started to disclose. How many people he's already proactively refunded. And yes, their refund rate had kicked up as they continued to scale. But he made sure to refund all those people, you know? He openly disclosed that he wasn't fucking anybody. What I'm trying to make is. He essentially went through about 20 minutes of very rigorous questions that were hard-hitting questions, very uncomfortable things for most people to talk about. And he did an incredible job at ensuring, obviously, that he's reduced liability to as close to zero as he can. And he made pivots away from the business practices that he was using prior, unbeknownst to him. You know? So long story short. Even as an agency in this example, it's like. We have to go into a deal, understanding the risk and liability that we're inheriting when we go into it. Just to be clear for the agency owners on the call. Andrew asks in the chat, can you include that permission in your program agreement? We have our customers agree up front to allow us to market their wins and testimonials and use their image and likeness in marketing and perpetuity. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's the case, Andrew. Again, I'm not a lawyer, so. I can't technically give you like the legal answer for whether that's true or not, but I'm under the impression that's the case. By the way, just so you understand, like you see how fucking easy it is just to make a disclosure right there. Like, yeah, dog, like I'm not a lawyer. Like, yeah, I think that's the case, but I don't really fucking know. Thank you. You know, talk to an attorney about it. It's like does Andrew value me less now? No. You know? You see what I mean? It's like just pepper in a disclosure here and there when you talk about stuff. Okay, other questions, comments, things you guys want to contribute to the call before we go? All right, I'll wrap it up with this. Don't be scared. by the FTC. Okay. Don't shape your life around fear. Don't shape your business practices around fear. But at the same time, you got to be aware of rules. I can't go murder people, get arrested, and then be like, 'Oh, dude, I didn't know you couldn't murder people.' You know, it's a due diligence process as a person and as a business. To be aware of the laws, regulations, and compliance standards of the given industries that you operate in. Since you've chosen to start a business, that's a part of your responsibilities of that business. You have to make sure that you become aware of these things. That's the moral of the story. You need to be aware of them. Yes. Will they likely reform some of your behavior based on your current practices? I'm certain they will. Should they? Yeah. Because remember, what's the underlying intention behind these rules? To protect people. Okay? There are some actual pieces of shit out there who are legitimately bad people. Who do actually try to fuck people. Who just like the growth cave people that we looked at. Just are awful. Like they run a business into the ground and then just start a new one. They change their names. They use employees for their testimonials. They put people into debt to go into debt. You know, they don't follow through on a single fucking promise they make. Do these people shape the standards that you now have to operate under as a result? Yeah. Yes, they do. Does that shape ad compliance? Yes. Bad actors shape almost every asset and facet of our life. OK, but my point being. These are not bad things. From my experience, to be extremely clear, these have just simply put, raised the sophistication of the types of buyers that we otherwise get. They deter the retards, guys. That's the most important thing to understand. These practices deter the dumbasses who are in almost all instances the wrong types of buyers. Okay, it's good if somebody that would otherwise buy has an expectation disclosed to them and they're like, 'Oh, I'm not doing it' and they choose not to buy. Because then it avoids a refund. It avoids a chargeback. It avoids you getting in trouble if you're not going to refund or allow a chargeback. With the FTC. Okay. These are good things, not bad things. And again, it's like, can Josh's sales team still close 30 to 40% now that he's got a new team in a compliant way? Yeah. Yeah, they can. Is Josh probable to actually get a buyer that might spend more money? When they are openly talking about things in an honest way? Yeah. Yeah, they are. Are all businesses similar to have those types of results? You know, that's the thing you got to understand. These aren't like tactics that end up fucking you. These are things that end up attracting like a better type of buyer. That's the moral of the story. So is it a little scary? To have to go from non-compliant to compliant. Yeah, because, like I talked about, Let's use Josh's example. He's at $600,000 a month, dude. If he dips in revenue as a result of going from non-compliant to compliant, that's not going to feel good. OK, and some of you have your expenses so high or you have so much that's on the line. You know, that you have an incentive just to continue being non-compliant and fucking people. And it becomes hard to make that transition. Okay. And I just want to be clear. I'm not a fucking snitch. I'm not going to rat you out. But if you're having an uncomfortable time making the transition and you genuinely want like a set of eyeballs on your stuff to see if you're doing something wrong. First of all, add it to the funnels. Ads and marketing automation review that we do every week because we can review it. You can share it with me. You can privately DM me if you have concerns. OK, I will lend an honest perspective to you about. what you can do to change it and what a good transition plan can be. Because at the end of the day, this is what creates longevity in business, okay? As I talked to you about at the very beginning of this call. These things are the utmost serious for us to take into consideration. Because at the level of revenue that our clients produce, this is a pressing issue. Like I said with the IRS example, yeah, when you're making no money, your probability of an audit is near zero. It's like 0. 5%. As soon as you start posting returns that go into the net millions of dollars a month, dude, your probability climbs from like 0. 5% to 8% and then higher every additional couple hundred thousand you post net. You see what I mean? So it's like at my level, this matters a fucking ton. I hope at your level too, it matters a ton. But if you're at a small level and you currently deem yourself noncompliant, make a make like an honest effort to not just like— you know, immediately transition at all— because that'll probably fuck you and put you into a vulnerable spot. But make an honest effort with a transition plan to go from non-compliant to compliant. Because if you ever actually want to scale and make some real fucking money, you're going to have to anyway. And I assure you this: it's going to feel a lot worse. At a higher level of revenue than it will where you're likely at now when you need to make the transition. So just keep that in mind. And like I said, I'm open to resources if you guys need anything while you're going through that kind of process, okay? All right. Good job. Thank you. Talk soon, everybody.