28- Section 12.mp4
BOOM! This is it, baby. Section 12. The end of the workshop and the buildup. of why you're probably really here and in this workshop. is what the must-haves are in order to be in a good position to sell your company. right. we're going to go over the must-have checklist and hiring an investment banker and much more. but i want to preface that it is not possible to sell going back to the original Section one, where we framed up evaluations and we talked about. what size do you need to be? you need to be a million plus in EBITDA. or higher. you need to get your enterprise value up. you need to create market leader content. Listen, selling your agency is all about step one. Understanding how to scale and build value.
So you need to take sections 1 through 11, apply that. Implement this thing. Be steadfast against it. Be relentless. Be a freaking savage. On doing this, you'll have the opportunity to be in a position to sell. Okay, so with that being said. Let's get it. Take notes, screenshot, whatever you want to do here. We'll have a Q &A for sure in this one. I'm sure it'll be longer than most of them. These are the must-haves in order to be in a good position to sell your company, right? There's a lot more things, but these are the, you know, eight to 10 that are, you know, pretty much must that you need to be thinking about. One, market leader niche positioning. The good news, check. We've covered that in this workshop.
Credibility assets improve. Check. Strong financials, margins at 25 plus percent. Again, the one page attack and conquer plan maps back to that. Shows you how to run it every day. Shows you how to measure it. The business health tracker. This can be the guide to get you there with your strong financials. Low customer concentration. That's been a theme throughout this workshop. Understand when you get a big client that takes up a lot of revenue. How do you win more clients? How do you diversify it? You don't want to be in a situation where you have a large client accounting for a bunch of your revenue because you'll get discounted if they even want to buy you because of that. Avoid high customer concentration. Focus on getting low customer concentration.
And I can answer more about that in the Q &A. A solid leadership team. Listen, we talked about... In order to grow a freaking monster company and have a monster exit, it can't be one or three or four people. It needs to be, you know— hundreds of people potentially, right? Or 20 and 30s and 40s of people. And you need to surround yourself with great people. When they look at buying your company, they want to make sure, you know, if you get hit by a bus tomorrow, that there's a stable team that can operate and run the company. That leads into succession planning, right? If you were to get hit by that bus. Is there a number two that can immediately step in and not skip a beat?
That's super important, right? So you've got to be thinking about who are you grooming to be the new CEO or the new president or the new leader of the organization. Happy clients, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. Happy. Jay, what do we need? Happy. Happy clients. OK, what I mean by that is we talked about customer centricity, right? I mean, this is it. They're going to pick up the phone. They're going to call your top 10 or top 15 clients. And if they're not giving great reviews, deal is off. Fucking no deal. OK, you got to have clients that they believe are happy and you're going to stick around. Client stickiness, and we're gonna get into this. I'm gonna show you a recurring revenue calculator here in a minute and the power of recurring revenue.
You need clients to stick. Right? You want to show predictability in your revenue and that you've had a client for a year, two years, three years, four years, and they believe you're going to have them for another two or three years. Four years. The more sticky you can make your service, the more data you can manage, the more ability that you're tying— give me a dollar and I'll give you five— create client stickiness. Just like happy clients. Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy team members. Jay, what do we want? Happy team member. Happy team members, right? Remember, growth culture, the core values, everything we talked about. This business is not a freaking widget business. This business is about selling people. That's your product. To have the best agency, the best company, you have to have the best people.
If the people are happy, the results will happen. The buyer will interview your key people. If they feel like the people aren't happy, that they're gonna leave the deal could be potentially off. Great culture. Again. They're buying something, an asset that they believe that they can take at the level you're at and even scale it more. And they know they have to do that through culture. This is why the core values are key. This is why the environment is key. This is why not having the seven deadly habits is key. They want to see, you know, think of a Viking ship, thousands of Vikings rowing and in rhythm, aligned and accountable. They want to see that growth culture. Recurring revenue. Again, we're going to talk about that. This is that predictability.
They want to look up and go contractually. You know, going into the next year that 95% of your revenue is going to be repeatable. Right, that gives them assurance and feels good to to wire you millions of dollars for your agency's intellectual property. We talked about this as a credibility asset. Do you have a unique piece of technology that no competitor has? Have you built a process that makes it more cost-effective to sell versus your competitors? Can you move fast? Do you onboard people quicker? What do you have that's unique— your unique ability— that none of your competitors have and you've positioned it as intellectual property to increase that enterprise value? Again, ability to scale. If they're buying you and you have 200 people, they want to know, in five years, that the market can handle you growing into 600 people and there's enough clients out there.
So, as you're picking and redefining that niche in here, make sure that you have enough market share. I can't imagine anything not having enough market share, but be mindful of that. Two to three years of audited financials, this is key. As you start to get bigger and you need to, one, you want to do this from a tax perspective because you never want to get audited. And if you are, you're ready. But no one is going to trust your mother-in-law handling your books. They're going to want certified public accountants. That have audited that and stamped their name on it that the financials are real. So you know start. If you start to feel like you're in growth mode and you may eventually want to exit, start spending the money to get out of the financials.
Okay, the other thing you're gonna need on hand when you sell. You need to start saving three to four months of operating cash because when they buy you, they're going to want to say, you know, we want to make sure, you know. If all of a sudden, you know, we lost the biggest client tomorrow, we have three to four months to operate the company. So you're going to need to start saving some cash reserves. Um, for that. JJ, Jay the camera guy. He's doing a good job, everybody. All right, so recurring revenue is a huge thing. That we talked about in order to, one, scale the business, but then also have that predictability in order for you to exit it. So I want everybody to go. Jay, let's drop this link in the comments.
But Judgegram. com, what is this? Judgegram. com. And then you hit resources and the recurring revenue calculator and then you guys can play with this. I mean it's uh, I I had this program built out, it's pretty cool. So let's just say, Jeremy, give me Um. If you're selling what? Let's say somebody sells a retainer for $5,000 a month, right? Yep. So I put in five grand, right? You tracking? Let's say that you feel confident, you get a sales team, you can crank on that and you can sell. Uh... 20 of those a month. Yep. Make sense? Yep. At the end of year one, again, if you don't lose any of these accounts, going into year one, your recurring revenue, predicted not having to, you know, it's there.
Is $1. 2 million per month, not year, per month. Yep. Okay? Let's say you continue to sell a $5,000 product or service or retainer or whatever it is, and you continue to sell 20 a month and you don't lose any. By the end of year three, your monthly revenue is 3. 6 million. Yep. BOOM! Ha ha ha! So for those who aren't fuckin', like, alert and wa-like-This shit is fucking amazing! All right. So think about if you're in. I lost my first company. I went bankrupt because it was project based. It was a multimillion-dollar company. I thought it was amazing. It was website design and development. I outgrew my expenses. I could manage my cash flow. I had to sell new projects every month and it just crumbled.
Then it forced me to write this book, Mastering Recurring Revenue. You guys should get this. All these books are on Amazon. We'll drop them all in. It shows you how to start creating recurring revenue and predictability in your numbers and your business, which are absolutely key. So, you know, just just play with this. Right. I mean, let's give Jeremy. I want to help you help me do some math. So, um... Let's say... That your product's only a thousand a month, okay? Yep. And let's say you can only sell 10. Right? Now you're at $120,000 a month. Right, year one. Then you're at $240,000 a month, year two. Now mind you, this is only fucking year two. So now Jeremy, do 240,000 times 12. 240.
2. 8 million, okay? And then do that times... Uh, 30%, what's 30% of that? 864,000. So that potentially could be EBITDA, right? 846,000 in EBITDA. Tracking? Okay. And do 846, 846 ,000 times six. 5. 1 mil. Okay. All right. Does everybody now again, I can't promise those numbers or anything, but I'm illustrating due to the power of this. Let's say you get your act together. You come up with the sales strategy. You implement everything. That I've done. I'm telling you guys, I had to learn the hard way. This thing, it... This is the path. You do this. You simply start selling a thousand. of whatever you're selling. Has to be every month. 10 of them. Don't lose any accounts.
At the end of year two, it annualizes out to $840-something thousand dollars. If we found a buyer that was interested and they gave you a multiple of whatever we did, what did you say? What was it? Times five, we said? Yep. Times five, right? So that's that EBITDA. Times a multiple. Right? That's a two-point something million-dollar transaction. Okay, see how fast this can happen? So let's play it again. Let's do another one. Because $1,000 is really low, right? So Jeremy, on average, what do you think a good... You want to do $20,000 a month? I encourage people to charge at least $10,000 a month. Okay, so let's do... So let's do $10,000 a month.
And do we believe that we should be able to sell 10 a month? I'd realistically say for people who have smaller sales teams, between three and five deals a month is possible. If they have four or five sales people, ten a month is possible. Yeah, so let's just say four. OK, I want to ground everybody again, right? Even if you're a small shop, right? This starts to see scale. You sell a $10,000 product for a month. You're customer centric. You're building your team. Okay. Year one, you're $480,000 per month. Year two, you're $9. Let's just round it up. You're a million a month. Okay? Times 12 is 12 million. Okay. And then do what's 12 million times 30%. $3. 6 million. That's $3.
6 million in EBITDA. Right? And do $3. 6 million times 8. $28. 8 million. That's a $28. 8 million exit. Okay? $10,000 a month for sales. Can't have a leaky bucket though. You got to keep all your customers and keep selling for a month. In two years, if you're mining the- the- the shed, you have your shit together, you could be at a million a month, which is 12 million. 30% profit is three point whatever, times a seven or an eight, and you're looking at a $30 million potential exit. So you're taking your total yearly from year two. Yeah. 30% of that and then multiply it by a multiple of like five. Yeah. How do I draw on this thing, Jeremy? Okay.
So in this example, yeah. So year two. Right? Which is right here. We're saying it's about a million a month, right? So if you annualize that, that's 12 million. Right, is everybody following me here? Okay, so 12 million, right? And let's say you're doing a great job in your margins. Or 30 percent. Tracking? I love this little thing. All right, what's, it's three something million, right? 12 million times 30%. Okay, so then your EBITDA. You did an 8x multiple and you got a 28. 8. Yeah. So your EBITDA here, right? This is this is revenue, right? This is Margin. Right? This is EBITDA. Okay? And then remember the formula is E but I times a multiple and then let's say 8x right which is your multiple. And what's my number, Jeremy? $28.
8 billion. Let's just round it, right? So 30 million. Exit. Okay? But what I want to illustrate here again... This isn't pie-in-the-sky shit! 10,000 a month. Selling four sales, now you're gonna scale, right? As you keep doing this, you'll hire more people, you'll get more salespeople. Theoretically, you should start selling more than four a month, right? This is all illustrative, right? But you still could manage a scaling and growing company to 30 to 20% to 25% margin. I demonstrate this to you is a hypothetical, this is a fucking big disclaimer, example. But you can see how... possible this is. Okay? But it takes... Discipline. It takes action. It takes accountability. It takes market leader positioning. And it takes staying steadfast every day to customer centricity, all these things.
But it's possible. Okay, cool. And we'll have questions here in a second. But that's the must-haves in order to be in a good position to sell your company. Now, there's a hundred other things, you know, once you get closer in all that we're demonstrating is becoming reality. And at that point, you need to hire an investment banker. An investment banker manages the full sale process, including the overall transaction strategy, marketing document creation, company positioning, buyer outreach, due diligence, deal negotiation, and execution. We'll drop here in the comments. I personally have access to the hottest investment banker on Wall Street. He's sold the last two of my companies. He's a dear friend of mine. He's the biggest guy in this business, in this space. Plus, I know almost every investment banker in this space.
Once you're big enough in position and it makes sense, you know, you can reach out to me or Jeremy. We can kind of get you looped in on that process. But again, be thinking about. that million in EBITDA plus to start considering the idea of an investment banker. And more than likely, we're going to create another workshop around. Prepping six months out to a year out of a transaction, which is a total level of more advancement than this current workshop. So with that being said, let's hit Q &A again, guys. I know this is a big section. We're covering a lot here. So if we don't cover it in the Q &A, we'll have it down below. It'll be in the forum. So let's hit me.