Transcrição Completa: 15 Book Funnel Mastery 9 13 25
[00:00] All right, weekly inner circle group call library. It is currently September 13th, 2025. We did this call earlier today, but unfortunately for me, my laptop died about three-quarters of the way through it. So, I'm refilming the entirety of the video for you guys. Without further ado, let's jump in.
[00:20] So, we had a question this week from Mr. Dicky Bush. Dicky wanted to understand, let's see specifically what he had asked. He said he wanted to know book funnel mastery. He had some very specific questions as well that we'll go through in this video.
[00:35] There was also a few questions that I was able to field earlier today on the actual group call itself and we'll cover those too. So without further ado, book funnel practices. Let me start with this. Book funnels are absolutely fucking awesome.
[00:50] Out of all the low tickets to high ticket funnels that you could do, these are very applicable across the board. Whether it's a high ticket product or a high ticket service, we've seen book funnels be a great ascension path.
[01:05] Specifically, I was asked this question when I prompted this earlier today. What types of high ticket products? And that was asked by Daniel. I had given him the explanation that we've had red lights as an example of somebody that's done a book funnel that's led to a high ticket purchase of a red light set of panels.
[01:25] In addition to that, we've seen this with hyperbaric chambers as another mechanism of selling the actual hyperbaric chamber leading into it with a book. Now, book funnels can be executed obviously from info businesses, high ticket service businesses, and a lot of other product based businesses, too.
[01:45] To be clear, I think a big misunderstanding right away about what a book funnel is is that it needs to be an actual book, right? Like a thick, well-written book. That's not the case. And I'm going to demonstrate that to you in this video here today.
[02:02] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Book Funnel Core Concept"
NÚMEROS: Não especificado
VISUAL: Conceito central de funil de livros, ênfase em que não precisa ser um livro tradicional
[02:05] So, here's the first thing we'll dive into on this whole concept. The book needs to be outcome-based. It needs to actually go through something that people are going to learn about and feel like they can get some type of result after reading it.
[02:20] Okay. Now, this can be done through traditional books, of course, but this can also be done through guides, SOPs, explainers in written form. There's a lot of things that you can use rather than an actual book that can be outcome-based.
[02:35] So, you always want to put the claim on the cover. I'm going to show you guys some examples of this here shortly. I also peppered in during the group call earlier today. I made sure to emphasize since there's a lot of people who typically come into the group that aren't as compliant as they should be, you don't have to put some wild audacious income claim on the actual book.
[02:58] Something that was brought up earlier today was as an example, Hormozi has the $100 million brand and then whatever the title of the book is like $100 million leads, $100 million offers, $100 million money models.
[03:12] And somebody in the chat was like, "Hey, isn't that an example of like an audacious income claim?" And now that the guy's actually gone out and generated $105 million, need I not say off one challenge funnel that he did that no, it's no longer an audacious claim. He actually did it.
[03:28] But it's not a claim. That's his actual brand, which is a very important compliance thing to understand. There's actually been cases inside of FTC case law that you can look up where the name of the product was whatever that thing is.
[03:42] McDonald's and certain fast food establishments, they also do this very commonly where they'll make up a name for their beef. Like as an example, Wendy's has never frozen beef patties. Just to be clear, that's the literal name that they gave towards the beef patty.
[03:58] It makes you obviously think that it's been never frozen and that it's 100% beef, but in reality, it's like there's a bunch of shit in there from preservatives and all kinds of other crazy things, but they can get away with saying certain things solely because the name of the brand is the claim.
[04:15] So again, when you look at like the Hormozi example, when he says like $100 million, whatever, that's not him implying that you're gonna make a $100 million from reading whatever the fuck he's talking about, that's his brand name.
[04:28] So back to the point, you don't get the permission in that example just to go out there and throw on the cover of your book some ridiculous shit claim. So anyway, back to the point. Does it need to be a traditional book? No.
[04:42] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "My Perfect Cold Video Pitch Guide"
NÚMEROS: $197 bundle price, $150 individual SOPs
VISUAL: Página de funil antiga mostrando bundle de SOPs, três componentes principais visíveis
[04:45] So I pulled up this example here. This is an old funnel that we used to run for what's called my perfect cold video pitch guide. And this is just a combination of a few SOPs.
[04:55] So, if you scroll down this page a little bit, you'll see those specific SOPs. The first one is the perfect cold video pitch SOP. The second one is what's called my value-driven follow-up swipe file.
[05:08] And then the third one was just a bunch of lead generation tools that were on a single page each with an explanation and a photo of that specific lead gen tool. Just to be clear, we took the three of these, combined them together, and that became our book in this specific example that we would give away.
[05:25] I also want to be clear in saying when you don't sell a traditional book, it gives you the opportunity to charge higher than what a book perceptually costs. So, as an example of that, one of the more costly books that I've ever purchased, and I think many of you have as well in your lifetime, is Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Schwarz.
[05:45] We've talked about that so much. For anybody who hasn't purchased it, if you go to do so, you'll find that it's a $125 book. It's a little costly when you think of it in the context of every other book you've ever bought.
[05:58] But that's the only reason that you think of it as costly is it's framed as a book. You understand? Comparatively, this SOP guide that I've put together that's sold as a book funnel in this case, this is still a book funnel. It's just a bunch of fucking written words in a PDF that I've put together and I give people.
[06:18] But you know what I get to charge for this? I charge $197 for that bundle. And if you only want one or the other, meaning you just want the video pitch SOP or you just want the value driven follow-up SOP, that's $150 just for the PDFs.
[06:35] Why is there such a substantial difference between what a book can perceptually be charged for and what you can otherwise charge for something that is just like this, as an example, for your specific circumstances, right?
[06:48] And it's very important to note the price that follows the book can also determine what the book should cost. And that doesn't have to mean to you, just to be clear that, oh, I sell something for like 10K, 20K, 30K. My book needs to be like $1,000. That's not what I'm trying to imply.
[07:05] I'll actually show you a counter example here in a moment that proves you can still do a free plus shipping book funnel that leads to a $12,000 to $36,000 upsell and still get away with that totally fine.
[07:18] The point I'm trying to emphasize, simply put, is if you do a traditional book, there will be a certain price range that you're going to be expected to sell it within before people just say that's way too much for a book.
[07:30] And that becomes like one of your biggest objections that prevents people from converting. If you do this example, like I've given you here with my video pitch SOP, and by the way, we've done the same thing with my content first ad strategies.
[07:43] We took a few of the older ones like the Venus Fly Trap, the Forester. I think we put one in there as well called the Slingshot if I'm not mistaken. We anyway, long story short, we took a few of our SOPs for our content first ad strategies back in the day, combined those, put a nice little cover on it just like we have here with this one, and we sold it off.
[08:05] So, when it's not a traditional book, you get a lot more pricing leeway. We then in this call we talked about the way that the low ticket book is created based on like the topic that you pick and whatever claim you're specifically going to play into should obviously lead people to naturally want whatever the high ticket thing is after.
[08:25] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "High Ticket Agency Program Breakdown"
NÚMEROS: $5K program price, múltiplos componentes
VISUAL: Diagrama de ramificação mostrando "High Ticket Agency" no centro com múltiplas ramificações: getting clients, fulfillment, ads, personal branding, marketing, sales, client reporting, staff recruitment/retention, W2 vs contractors, office vs home, softwares
[08:28] So I started with this little visual just like we did in the low ticket to high ticket mastery video that you can find in the weekly group call library amongst this video is this example with this visual here.
[08:40] So I wrote, okay, I have high ticket agency. That was the program specifically that we wanted to sell as an upsell after somebody bought our video pitch bundle. So long story short is our high ticket agency program is 5K.
[08:55] And then I drew this little diagram here. You see where I was like, what specifically do we teach in high ticket agency, right? Getting clients, fulfillment, ads, and I could write further on that. Ads for clients, ads for your agency, personal branding, marketing, sales, client reporting, staff, recruitment, slash retention, are they W2? Are they contractors?
[09:18] Right? Do you need an office? Can you do it at home? What softwares do you need to use? Right? There's so many like little independent things I could sit there and talk about when it comes to starting and scaling marketing agencies.
[09:30] And I want to be hyper aware of what those things are. Then I want to start to consider what do people know they want before they're willing to commit to some of those things that they need to know but they don't necessarily have top of mind.
[09:45] So as an example of that like you don't really give a fuck about fulfillment until you have clients to fulfill for. So therefore the chicken before the egg in that example is well they care about getting clients, right? They don't care about fulfillment until they have a deal, right?
[10:02] Well, they might care about ads in that example. They might also care about the system that we've used to get all our deals, which in this case is the perfect cold video pitch.
[10:12] So, moral of the story is from that perspective, they won't care about like staff, staff recruitment, like certain agency owners will who are already started. But keep in mind, like this program in particular, we really wanted to target somebody who wanted to start a marketing agency or scale their existing marketing agency.
[10:30] The book topic that I would pick would be centric around who I'd want to attract. If I want to attract an existing agency owner that's already good with sales, already has a certain amount of revenue coming in and is now focused on like top talent A player staff recruitment that would attract that type of person if I picked that topic for my book. You understand?
[10:50] Or my resource that I'm going to sell to people. Comparatively, if I want to attract somebody that's just struggling to get deals in the first place or just wants a new way to get deals, bam, we land on getting clients and can teach our video pitch guide.
[11:05] So anyway, when it comes to getting clients, we then talked extensively about, all right, what should we sell? That's how we ended up on these three things. They need to know the perfect cold video pitch. They need to know how value-driven follow-up works in order to after they pitch people follow up properly and not sound like all these other idiots that reach out and just say like, "Hey, following up" almost like the entitlement that comes.
[11:30] And then we wanted them also understand like lead gen tools, how to actually like curate a list of people to pitch in the first place. We felt all those were correlated. So we bundled all of them up, threw them into the perfect cold video pitch guide, and that became our book funnel.
[11:45] And this thing ripped and that also allowed us to charge a higher price. We then got into this concept where we talked about writing the actual book.
[11:52] So just to be clear nowadays with AI, all these LLMs, there are so many possibilities that you can use, assuming that you actually have the training material to write the actual book.
[12:02] If you don't have the training material, you can use voice to text. And you don't have to use like AI for this, by the way. You can literally just open up a Google doc, open up standard voice dictation on your computer, which is like a simple Google way to figure out on a Mac or a PC how to turn your voice to text on.
[12:20] But long story short, like after you actually have it turned on, you can just sit there and just yap right into a Google doc about whatever topic you specifically want to just dive super deep on in order to extract the training material from yourself.
[12:33] You can also obviously just start making content for it and making like your own version of like client updates and and again like internal documentation or external documentation or just brain dump into a giant Google doc to be able to acquire your training material for an LLM to use.
[12:50] On this call, we then also discussed which specific LLM would you want to use? And I believe still to date Manis in agent mode is currently the best one to be able to use for this.
[13:02] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Manis.im - Agent Mode"
NÚMEROS: Sistema baseado em créditos vs taxa mensal fixa
VISUAL: Comparação entre sistemas de LLM: Manis (créditos) vs ChatGPT/Claude/Gemini (taxa fixa), ênfase no sistema de incentivos
[13:05] That's manis.im, I believe, is the domain name if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, manis is the name of that specific domain that you would like to look up when it comes to using Manis. And then keep in mind, you want to use it in agent mode.
[13:20] Now, why do we like to use Manis to be clear? Solely because it has a credit-based system. Whereas ChatGPT, Claude, Google Gemini, like every other major LLM that exists, they're a flat monthly rate unless you're using it through their API, which essentially means you're using a third-party software like Manis.
[13:40] But moral of the story is if you use like the standard Claude, ChatGPT, you know, Google Gemini, things like that, it's a flat monthly rate. So the incentive is their own efficiency.
[13:52] If you use a credit based LLM, even if it's not Manis, I really don't give a fuck if you use Manis to be clear. I don't have any incentive or affiliate relationship with those guys. I'm just trying to tell you what I would do.
[14:05] So, moral of the story is Manis in agent mode will actually take like the entirety of your training material and document it into what can be a book for you, right?
[14:15] And you can also obviously take a bunch of books that are already written, throw them in there for like specific writing styles and formatting.
[14:22] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "What I Wish I Knew: Getting Started"
NÚMEROS: Não especificado na capa
VISUAL: Livro físico sendo mostrado, capa com título "What I Wish I Knew: Getting Started - Lessons on Money, Hard Truths and Business You'll Want to Know", sem claims específicos na capa
[14:25] Comparatively, like you know, I've wrote a lot of books, okay? Like one book that I've actually written is this right here. It's called What I Wish I Knew: Getting Started.
[14:35] And this book comparatively like this kind of breaks some of the best practices that I've discussed above. Like look at the cover here. So what I wish I knew getting started, lessons on money hard truths and business you'll want to know.
[14:48] It's like there's no claims on the title. We never created a book funnel for this where we would give the book away and then like upsell people to other things because it didn't follow that branch system that I articulated up here.
[15:02] There was nothing that and I want to be really fair in saying the book is extremely valuable and it's a great set of lessons, but because it doesn't market that there's like very specific lessons within it. It's therefore too broad and like doesn't really fit the system of what would be best for a low ticket to high ticket book funnel.
[15:20] But anyway, I wrote this actual book. Now, it's not too thick. It's about that thick. And I don't know the amount of exact chapters within it.
[15:28] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "What I Wish I Knew: Scaling Up"
NÚMEROS: Múltiplos capítulos (20+ mencionados)
VISUAL: Documento mostrando estrutura de capítulos, outline inicial com alguns capítulos escritos e outros vazios
[15:30] But I also gave the context that I've written a second book or I'm in the process of writing a second book which is this the extension of that first one. What I wish I knew scaling up and when I talked about like actually writing the literal book itself.
[15:45] This is an example of it here where I started with the chapter outlines and then after I had the chapter outlines created I would start to like write into those specific chapters.
[15:55] And so, as you can see here, like title of the book, the chapters of the specific book, and then if I just scroll down, you'll start to see like different writing for each different chapter, and then there's a bunch of chapters that don't have any writing.
[16:08] This is like the hardest path out of any path that you could take. Okay, this path fucking sucks. This is like this is so long to write an actual book, right?
[16:18] Like, I wish that when I wrote these you know, I would have had like these LLMs that I could just fucking data dumped into to help out. So, if you take that path, just be very mindful of it. You're going to have a bad time if you choose to do so.
[16:32] And again, I can't stress enough like it doesn't even have to be like an actual book like that. It can just be more of a traditional guide.
[16:40] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "SaaS Academy - Software as a Science"
NÚMEROS: 4 autores, 4 semanas de entrega média
VISUAL: Livro físico "Software as a Science" por Dan Martell e 3 outros autores, ênfase na espessura e formato tradicional
[16:42] In addition to that, like I showed on the weekly group call this, which was a client of ours, SaaS Academy. This is owned by Dan Martell. I showcase some of the ads for it. They have a book called Software as a Science and it actually written by four people. Dan Martell being one of them and then three others.
[17:00] Now, this specific book, all right, when you go to look at it for what it is, I mean, it's a book. Like, it's like a real book. It's thick. It's a physical thing. It gets sent to the person, and it takes about four weeks on average to like actually get to the person.
[17:18] Okay? And boy oh boy, does that alone delay the sales cycle dramatically. Okay? And we'll talk a lot about that here in a moment. I'll dive deep on all of that. And we'll also talk about the funnels and like, you know, we'll talk about all this stuff. I'm just trying to go in order here.
[17:32] But anyway, the point is like that book to even get written took so long. Imagine four different people having to sit down and like literally write a book or a section of a book. Like, oh my goodness, that was long.
[17:45] So anyway, moral of the story, if you don't write a physical book, okay, and you write a guide or like some kind of like SOP combination or like what I showed you with mine as an example, you can plug things in the book.
[17:58] Like if I mention something about my YouTube videos or a very specific YouTube video and it's in a PDF doc that's digitally there being read, they can click to that shit which helps increase the probability of the upsell occurring.
[18:12] I can also link to specific resources within the book that are going to be helpful for the person to consume in order to increase the probability that they upsell.
[18:20] If I give them an actual fucking book, okay, there's going to be a long duration of time for the consumption of the book to occur and therefore that alone delays my probability to upsell them.
[18:32] Okay, so anyway, back to my point. When it comes to formatting the actual book, you always, no matter what, even if they buy a physical version of the book, you want to sell them and give them the PDF with it.
[18:45] That way they immediately have access to the book, can immediately start reading it, and that way you can also strategically plug things that are clickable within the PDF itself. Okay?
[18:55] If you do a physical book, yes, you can invest upfront to buy a fuckload of your books and like store them at 3PL and get somebody to like middleman when a book's bought to ship it out for you and handle fulfillment.
[19:08] Or you could do it yourself if you really wanted to, I guess. But again, like just do a print on demand version of your book. You can go on Google, you can type in print-on-demand books and you'll find a great supplier.
[19:20] I never really had one that I preferred. I would go with the route of Amazon FBA for the only physical book that we had. And anytime that we did our spiral-bound versions of those SOPs, which we only did for a short duration of time, we would print them ourselves at FedEx through FedEx Kinko when somebody would ask to purchase the physical book, and then we would ship it off in real time as soon as it was physically printed.
[19:45] So, shorter the better. Keep that in mind like on the book's length, you don't want to have this like long and drawn out. That's going to inevitably delay the duration of time that it takes for the person to upsell.
[19:58] Long books can be great, but if you're going to sell a long book, give an executive summary with the long book, too. That way, the consumption occurs faster. Okay?
[20:08] You have to understand that part of it. If you're going to sell a thick ass book, an executive summary of that book should be given with it, not even upsold, given with it.
[20:18] That way, there's something that they can immediately consume. Because the thing is with books, they're great, but they're also terrible because if you have too long of a book, as valuable as it may be, the person's not typically going to buy anything else until they feel like they got the value of the book.
[20:35] And sometimes that means like literally trying to use what was in the book to get a result. Sometimes it just means literally finishing the book and consuming it. Okay?
[20:45] And because you don't know which one it is, the shorter the book, the better off you are in that exchange there, right? I want to load my book up with aha moments. Okay?
[20:55] The more aha moments that I can put into my book, the higher the probability is that the person has that mental chemical fire off that occurs where it's like, I feel like I got the value of this thing, whether they went out and actually took action on it or not.
[21:10] The aha moments, if there's enough aha moments, they'll feel like they got a lot of value out of it. And regardless of taking action, there's a high probability they'll upsell.
[21:20] If they don't get enough aha moments or any aha moments for that matter, and they still have the rest of the book to read, dude, good luck fucking upselling them anything. You're going to have a bad time from that perspective.
[21:32] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "VAK System - Frogs into Princes"
NÚMEROS: 3 tipos de aprendizado
VISUAL: Acrônimo VAK expandido: Visual (mostrar coisas), Auditory (áudio/som), Kinesthetic (emoção/físico/sentimentos), autor Richard Bandler mencionado
[21:35] So from a fast consumption view, okay, we talked about this system called VAK, which is from a great book called Frogs into Princes by my favorite author, Richard Bandler.
[21:45] And VAK stands for visual auditory kinesthetic. It's an input and an output of learning that we all have. As you'll see as I'm sitting here talking, I've used my hands to express my points so many times over. That's because I have a visual output.
[22:02] I have a literal device that I am visually showing you things on. I am constantly drawing my notes and doing simple things like circling stuff and drawing squares around things and like taking literal notes.
[22:15] The point I'm attempting to make by doing that is like I have a visual output. I will always show you things. Okay, that's typically the way that I do it.
[22:25] To be clear, you have a output and you have an input. In this case, we obviously want to focus on the input of the individuals that we're selling to. So, I ideally want to play into all three of these things.
[22:38] Visual, very simple to understand. Audio, very simple to understand. The one that people struggle with the most is kinesthetic. Kinesthetic typically means like physical.
[22:48] It's interpreted and taught in the Frogs into Princes book as emotion, feeling or literally just like physical use of the senses in order to learn and have our input occur. Okay.
[23:00] So from that perspective, we can obviously play into it by selling a physical book, but we can also just inject emotion into what we communicate through visual and auditory mechanisms to give people that feeling, that inertia, you know, that emotional state that they need in order to help them learn.
[23:20] Okay, so here's my point. When we sell them the book, okay, no matter what, you want to ideally do this. Don't just give them a PDF of the book. Give them some videos that explain each chapter. Give them the audio book by default. Okay?
[23:35] Or at the very least, if you're going to upsell like the whole video course on each chapter and the whole audio book, give them the executive summary of you explaining each chapter and the book as a whole in video and audio form at no cost.
[23:50] That way you dramatically improve the consumption of the book in a rapid way. So, you shorten the sales cycle timeline of the book funnel. If you manage to do that, you're going to have a good time. If you fail to do that, you're going to have a long drawn out sales cycle and you're going to have a bad time.
[24:08] Okay? So, just to be clear, you can upsell the full audio book. You can upsell full-on video explainers, but always give away the executive summary of each one of those.
[24:18] Now, I'm sitting here assuming you know what an executive summary is, but let me just be clear in case you don't. For all my readers out there, you likely know what this is. For all those who aren't, maybe you don't.
[24:30] An executive summary is literally as described. It is a very short and condensed version of each chapter of the book. So, as an example, there's all kinds of apps that do this like Blink and there's a whole bunch of others, but Blink comes top of mind where instead of having to read the full book, all you're doing is just reading executive summaries.
[24:50] And technically, you're getting the value of the book, but you miss a lot of it because obviously you're not learning every single thing that the author actually wrote out for you, you're only being exposed to the things that the summary itself is exposing you to.
[25:05] So anyway, give the video summary, give the audio summary. That way you play into both mechanisms and talk with enthusiasm, talk with passion in an authentic way that'll help with the kinesthetic side of things.
[25:18] Now, when we talk about the funnels themselves, okay, I'm going to show you two different funnels here. Let's look at this one from Dan Martell's team with the SaaS Academy product.
[25:28] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "SaaS Academy Book Funnel Performance"
NÚMEROS: Alto seis dígitos/mês em upsells, $12,000-$36,000 upsell range, 5 semanas para 2:1 ROI, 2.5 meses para 12:1 ROI mínimo, 4 semanas de entrega do livro, AOV não lucrativo inicial
VISUAL: Métricas de performance de funil: timeline de conversão, ROI progressivo, AOV negativo inicial transformando em ROI de 12x+
[25:30] And let me show you this because again, we marketed for this. This is a very core funnel of theirs. It did high hundreds of thousands of dollars a month in upsells just from literally the book funnel.
[25:42] It would upsell from a free plus shipping book funnel that had an unprofitable AOV for each book acquisition and it would push them into a $12,000 to $36,000 upsell afterwards.
[25:55] The average upsell timeline in the best case scenario took five weeks. In an average scenario, it took 2.5 months.
[26:05] So they were essentially fronting cash, losing money for every book they sold. But as time continued to pass, the amount of revenue that they would accumulate, without exaggeration here, guys, in five weeks would be about a 2:1 on average, okay?
[26:22] Some weeks after the fifth week would be a 4:1. Some weeks after the fifth week would be a zero, okay? But it averaged out to about a 2:1 after five weeks.
[26:32] After two and a half months though, listen to this shit. After two and a half months, the ROAS was a minimum of 12. It's fucking insane. Why?
[26:45] It took four weeks for the book to get to the person physically. There was no video summaries. There was no audio summaries. There wasn't even an email sequence that we'll talk about here shortly to help people understand the value of each chapter and start to get those aha moments and start the consumption process.
[27:05] Nope. All there was was a free plus shipping book funnel with a handful of upsells on the back end that would have you then sit there and wait for four weeks to get the physical copy of the book.
[27:18] Once you got the physical copy of the book, you'd read it. You'd be like, "Holy shit this guy knows what he's talking about." The setters would call you. They would try to upsell you. You'd have a high take rate. You'd get a $12,000 to $36,000 total sale from it per person who bought.
[27:35] Very easy to get a strong 12x ROAS when you have that level of product being sold on the back end. I also want to be really clear in saying his setter team was one of the most dialed-in setter teams that I've ever worked with to date. His setter team was extremely good, which matters a lot when you're talking about any low ticket to high ticket funnel, let alone a book funnel specifically.
[27:58] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "SaaS Academy Book Funnel Page"
NÚMEROS: Free + $20 shipping
VISUAL: Página de funil com headline, formulário opt-in de dois passos, informações sobre o livro, depoimentos, resultados, apresentação de 4 autores, seção de bônus
[28:00] So anyway, back to my point. If we look at the actual funnel itself, it's pretty basic. Honestly, I kind of think it looked like shit.
[28:08] So when you look at this, there's the headline. There's a two-step order form here. So, it's an opt-in first. And you're probably asking yourself like, "Oh, how many people inevitably buy after the opt-in if they don't buy the actual book right here and there?"
[28:22] Yeah, we don't know. We never quantified that. Nobody in their team ever actually did that math. So, I have no idea what to tell you on that.
[28:30] You're arguably better not doing a two-step opt-in unless you're actually going to be able to quantify that you make money from the people who opt in and don't buy.
[28:40] So, once you scroll down a bit, you see more information about the book. You see some testimonials. You see some outcomes of the book. You then introduced to the four authors of the book.
[28:52] As you go down, you see some bonuses that you get. This was the only thing that people did get access to within that four-week duration of time that they could consume that could lead to some additional value.
[29:05] But keep in mind, obviously, it didn't do much to grease the wheel here on getting deals closed sooner because it took until an average of about the fifth week to see a random 2:1 ROAS.
[29:18] Okay? It took until two and a half months, a very clear telltale sign people are actually consuming the book prior to upselling to get to the point where they'd upsell.
[29:28] So, these bonuses did not really do much. I want to point that out. But, it's still good to technically give people something while they're sitting there waiting for the four-week duration of time.
[29:40] If you wanted to play into the bonus idea, the bonuses that you specifically would pick, you'd ideally strategically pick something that the same logic as what we talked about up here is chosen based on a specific high-value set of problems that they have that they're very probable to consume and have aha moments with. Okay.
[30:00] Now, again, very simple from here in terms of what happens is a free plus shipping offer. Pay 20 bucks, get the book. Technically, it's free, but again, you pay shipping and handling for it. And that's the end of that, right? Two, three upsells, two upsells on the back end of that particular one. And that's the end of it. Okay.
[30:20] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Perfect Cold Video Pitch Sales Page"
NÚMEROS: $197 bundle, $150 individual, 4:34 VSSL duration
VISUAL: Página de vendas long-form com headline "The Most Effective Outbound Sales Process for Getting High Ticket Deals", VSSL de 4 minutos e 34 segundos, múltiplos visuais mostrando 3 componentes, copy extenso, seção "about the author"
[30:22] If I show you mine, we look at this. This is the sales page for it. Okay. Headline, the most effective outbound sales process for getting high ticket deals. Outcome claim. Okay. Non-income related.
[30:35] VSSL, 4 minutes and 34 seconds long. This is a long form sales page. A lot of copy on it to be clear. We have a few visuals specifically right here where it introduces the three things that come with it.
[30:48] We scroll down, we get more copy, and then we get an about the author section. And that's the end of that. Once you click, you get taken here.
[30:58] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Order Page Pricing Strategy"
NÚMEROS: $1,000,000 displayed (deterrent pricing), $197 bundle default, $150 individual SOPs
VISUAL: Página de pedido com preço padrão de $197, opções de $150 para SOPs individuais, preço de $1M mostrado como estratégia de desencorajamento
[31:00] By the way, just a total side note because you're probably asking yourself, why does the book show that it's a million dollars? That's because we don't want people to buy it. We don't like selling low ticket like this anymore. We have our low ticket product as a $5,000 price point currently.
[31:18] So again, this page has essentially just been what's it called when you when you like get something out of the mix entirely. Anyway, there's like a business term for essentially just like shutting it down and like saying like we don't do this shit anymore, but I don't remember what that word is.
[31:35] So anyway, we do it like this in my world. We market a million bucks. Anyway, this is the order page. And by the way, when you click to the order page, just to refresh and show you, it defaults to the highest price, which is $197 in this particular case for all three of those things that they saw on the last page.
[31:55] If they only want one of those three things, like just the video pitch bundle by itself, like just the video pitch SOP, or just the value-driven follow-up SOP, those are $150 bucks. We're obviously trying to discourage people from buying just one of the three. We'd rather them buy the bundle at $197.
[32:12] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "First Upsell Page Structure"
NÚMEROS: $147 upsell, 12 video pitches
VISUAL: Página de upsell com reconhecimento de compra no topo, VSSL, texto básico, opção de não comprar, bundle de 12 pitches de vídeo para diferentes serviços
[32:15] From there, we have our upsell pages. So, this particular upsell page, very simple. At the top, you always want to acknowledge the actual purchase that just occurred. And then it's a pretty simple page below that.
[32:28] As you'll see, there's a VSSL, some basic text, and an opportunity to not buy what they see here. This specific upsell is a $147 upsell.
[32:38] So, with our video pitch bundle, these are not the video explainers of each chapter. These explainers in particular are literal video pitches that I'm attempting to sell them.
[32:50] If you bought a video pitch SOP bundle where you're learning how to actually make the pitches and you're just going to read about how to do it, imagine a $147 upsell where I'm literally going to sell you a bundle of 12 total different pitches for totally different services.
[33:08] That's a great example of a complimentary upsell. And that's really the first thing that you want to pick out of your entire upsells that are available to you. You want to pick something that complements it.
[33:20] It's not hard to look at the book and ask yourself, what's the outcome of the book and what's something that just makes sense as a natural extension to upsell people here.
[33:30] Another thing that can be a great upsell or this can also just be a bump sell if you wanted it to be, meaning on the actual order form, you've probably seen those little check boxes where it's just like, "Hey, check this box and we'll add this for like 10 bucks."
[33:45] You can have the audio book be either an order bump where you just check that little box on the order page and buy it there. Or you can have the audio book be an upsell in this context if you're selling an actual book.
[33:58] You can also have that video explainer library that we talked about where you do full-on lessons, workbooks, actions, like what the person should actually go do with each thing that's covered in the chapter.
[34:10] You explain the chapter with a video and you tell people literally what to go do with it. You could do that really easy to go film and really easy for you to upsell too.
[34:20] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Second Upsell - Mastermind Bundle"
NÚMEROS: $100 upsell, múltiplos exemplos de pitch para diferentes serviços
VISUAL: Página de segundo upsell mostrando bundle de masterclass com exemplos de video pitches para cada tipo de serviço de agência
[34:22] So anyway, point I'm trying to make is after we look at that, the last upsell that we have here, let's take a peek at it together so we can check this out. I believe that this is a mastermind bundle. So we have this for $100. Yeah, got it.
[34:38] Okay, so for $100, we show people in this particular funnel everything that they can do with the video pitches for every type of service that there is.
[34:48] So, the previous upsell that we just talked about, those are like literal video pitches from my agency that we're trying to sell people. In this particular upsell for only a hundred bucks, we're just picked every type of service that an agency could pitch and we made a video pitch for it as an example.
[35:05] These weren't video pitches that we sent to people. The previous page was video pitches that we actually sent. This one is just us picking a bunch of random video pitches, making them for every particular service, and then bundling it together.
[35:20] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Final Confirmation Page - Call Funnel"
NÚMEROS: $5K High Ticket Agency Program
VISUAL: Página de confirmação tradicional com recibo, VSSL para programa High Ticket Agency, scheduler/aplicação embutida, conversão para call funnel
[35:22] So moral of the story is once you get to the last step, the last step of the funnel, depending on how you want to go about doing this, we typically like to be a call funnel.
[35:32] So for this particular case, you'll see that this looks like a traditional confirmation page here where we're saying like, you know, hey, congratulations. Here's your receipt.
[35:42] And then right below that, we have our VSSL for the high ticket agency program with an application scheduler embedded right there.
[35:50] So, simply put, sales page, order form. The order form can have an order bump if you want to get your AOV up a little bit. Not one upsell, but two upsells.
[36:00] Our upsells in this case were $147 and $100 bucks. If you charge, by the way, we've had in other funnels, I was thinking of my content first ad strategy bundle earlier.
[36:12] The content first ad strategy bundle that we had, our second upsell was a mastermind bundle. We priced it at $300 and we had like a 2 to 5% take rate on that. It was very low just due to the price.
[36:25] We find the sweet spot to be about $100 to $150 bucks on these upsells. You can typically get as many, especially if they're well aligned, as low as about 20%, as high as about 50% of people that can have a take rate on yours.
[36:40] If you sell the wrong things, you'll typically see single digits. You'll see like 2 to 9% of people that'll actually convert on whatever it is you're trying to upsell them.
[36:50] So, this is a great example how this last step looks. The last step should essentially turn it into a call funnel.
[37:00] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Pixel Events Strategy"
NÚMEROS: Múltiplos eventos: Purchase, Initiate Checkout, Add to Cart, Custom Conversions, Schedule
VISUAL: Mapeamento de eventos padrão através do funil: ordem de página → OTO1 (Purchase event) → OTO2 (custom conversions) → confirmação (Schedule event), estratégia de condicionamento de pixel
[37:02] Now, after you get the actual funnel built, the next important thing to consider is the standard events that you're going to place onto the page.
[37:10] What you're likely to do is optimize around the purchase, which in this particular case, keep in mind, if somebody looks at the sales page here, they then go to the order form page, which is here, after they literally buy, the first thing they see is this OTO page one, this first upsell page.
[37:28] This specific page is where the purchase standard event would fire off. Okay. So when that purchase event fires off, that's the best thing to have there.
[37:38] On the order form page, we can add two different standard events to have condition in the background. Initiate checkout and add to cart. Both of those work really well here as well.
[37:50] On the second OTO page, assuming that they purchased, right? And this is based on how you build your funnel at this point for what you can do. You can have an OTO page that they get sent to if they bought. So you can pixel it properly or you can have an OTO page that they get sent to if they didn't buy the first one. That way again you can pixel it properly.
[38:12] Assuming that you do that and you split out, okay, people who did buy, we send them to this page. People who didn't buy, we send them to this page. On the page that represents people just bought that first one-click upsell, fire off a custom conversion standard event that's linked to the purchase standard event, but specifically shows as a custom conversion that they bought that first one-click upsell.
[38:35] You could do the same exact thing for the second upsell, where instead of just having one of these pages, you would have one for the people who bought both upsells, one for the people who only bought the second upsell, and one for the people who didn't buy any upsells.
[38:50] For the people who bought one upsell or both upsells, same exact logic as that last one. You'd add a custom conversion to that page that represents they bought and whether you optimize for it immediately in a campaign or not does not matter.
[39:05] Set it up that way in the background. It's conditioning on your pixel. That way when you want to start running cyclic campaigns and pull that out of the hat of tricks, you can do so. Okay.
[39:18] And then same logic with the call funnel. After somebody applies, if you have a separate page, mark on the scheduler page that they submitted the application.
[39:28] Assuming that you have a call funnel confirmation step which signals to the AI, hey this person scheduled a call, they were technically qualified, send the schedule standard event back. Okay, this then gives you the opportunity to not just optimize around purchase, which is the very first standard event that fires off in the funnel.
[39:48] Inevitably, as you scale up this funnel and it has more and more traffic that hits all these subsequent steps that you have, you get the opportunity to optimize for all of them at a later time. And obviously all of them beyond the purchase are quite valuable to do so. Okay.
[40:05] So that's from the funnel perspective what you need to do. And then last two things which is the marketing automation and the setters.
[40:12] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Marketing Automation Strategy"
NÚMEROS: 12 capítulos = 12 dias de email, 50-70% open rate esperado, 20 capítulos = 20 emails
VISUAL: Sequência de email mapeada por capítulo, um email por dia por capítulo, executive summaries em cada email, links para áudio/vídeo, foco em ativação e consumo
[40:15] So for the marketing automation it's very important you understand the underlying intention is to obviously give them the PDF and like whatever else we can give them that they bought of course but the main intention of the marketing automation is to get them to consume right it's to activate the customer.
[40:32] It's as soon as they actually bought, let's do a sequence of emails that's mapped to each specific chapter. Okay?
[40:40] So, as an example of this, if I have a 12 chapter book, I would have a 12-day email sequence that sends them one video and one email explanation of what's inside of that chapter per day.
[40:52] That way, whether they've gotten immediate access to the book or not, they're getting the value of the book. If your open rate of your email sequences sit where they should, around 50 to 70%, you're arguably going to have a higher consumption of the email sequence comparatively to the actual amount of people that open up and read the entirety of the book.
[41:12] So, believe it or not, you're actually more probable to get off more value through this marketing automation sequence compared to how much value you're able to get off in the book itself. There'll be a lot less people that read the book. I know it's kind of shocking, but again, it is what it is.
[41:28] The goal of that email sequence is to activate the consumption, get them the aha moments, make them feel like they actually consumed it without even having to read the book because that actually equates to the probability of them upselling at a high rate. Okay, that matters a whole lot.
[41:45] If you have 20 chapters, need I not say you'd have 20 emails. And in terms of what to actually put in these emails, it's essentially just an executive summary of each chapter within that email. That's all it is.
[41:58] You can link in that chapter as well, like in that email, the audio version of that chapter, the video version of that chapter for those executive summary ideas that I talked to you about earlier. Those are also great things to throw into that marketing automation sequence.
[42:15] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Setter Communication Strategy"
NÚMEROS: 5 dias consumo médio, timing crítico para mudança de abordagem
VISUAL: Duas fases de comunicação de setter: Fase 1 (imediata) - accountability buddy approach; Fase 2 (pós-consumo ~5 dias) - transição para venda de produtos adicionais, estratégia de follow-up estruturado
[42:18] Now, last thing is the actual setters themselves. So, when you have a book get bought, the question is like how fast should the setters reach out? And depending on when you have them reach out really determines what type of communication pattern they're going to fall into.
[42:35] So, if I have my setters reach out and they're specifically reaching out as soon as the person buys, the main communication style that they should follow is an accountability based style of communication where it's like, "Hey, what's going on, Jay? Glad you bought the book. My name's Jeremy. I wanted to just touch base and be your accountability buddy through this whole thing." Okay?
[42:58] My job from this company, I'm assigned to you to make sure you actually read and get the value of this book. Okay? Is that fair? Do you want that? Yeah. Okay.
[43:08] I'm here to answer any questions that you have on the book. I'm also here to just be again somebody that's going to make sure you actually read this whole thing and get the value of it because that's what we're after here.
[43:20] We want to make sure that you don't just have this book sit on your shelf or, you know, sit in your computer download folder. We want you to actually read it and get the value of it. Okay?
[43:30] So, from that perspective, I'm going to be following up with you over these next couple days, just making sure you're actually consuming the information and trying to give you some tasks to put the information into action.
[43:42] If to be clear, for any reason there's a question that you have or something you need clarity on or any additional resources that I can provide to you, I will do so.
[43:52] Okay, just to be clear, we do have a whole slew of products that are well above this book that I would love the opportunity to talk to you about at a later time. But again, my initial intention isn't just to immediately sell you some other stuff.
[44:05] I want you to truly get the value of the book because I feel like once you actually read it like everybody else who does, you're going to go out there and be like, "Holy fuck." Like these guys are awesome. I'm able to get results with what I just learned in this book. And that's our job. That's what we want to do right now at this stage of the process.
[44:25] So that initial communication style is more like accountability focused rather than just immediately trying to upsell them.
[44:32] Now, when you get enough data, you're going to know when people on average have consumed the book. So for my book, like the What I Wish I Knew Getting Started book and even with any of our SOP books that we give out, the consumption is damn near immediate. Like it takes a little less than 5 days on average for people to actually consume those things. Okay?
[44:52] And so therefore from that perspective after the fifth day our conversation changes completely. So if we did not attempt to reach out prior to that point or even if we did we transition our communication style from that point forward when we have the defined period of time that they were probable to have read it or not.
[45:10] And at that point we're trying to talk to them about all the other things that we can help them with. And it starts with a really easy foot in the door. Wanted to reach out see what you pulled from the book. You know what was your favorite part? What do you what did you do with it? You know, what are you actually going to go out there and use it for?
[45:28] And let the person talk, get some information, potentially accumulate some leverage, and then just ask the simple question, hey, if there was a way that I could help you a lot more than just what the book has been able to do for you, would you be open to hearing me out on that and let me show you some potential solutions that our organization has that can get you some results?
[45:48] And then from there, all I'm trying to do is just transition into the sale, right? Where I'm trying to officially indoctrinate them further. And sometimes that can happen on the call itself.
[45:58] Other times, especially if it's a setter, their main intention is just to put it onto the closer calendar. And all they're therefore trying to say is, "Hey, so I've got some great resources that I can send to you. I just want to gauge your level of interest on this.
[46:12] I have all kinds of solutions that can get you a lot bigger results and a lot more results compared to what the book is able to do on its own." Are you open to hearing us out on that and like seeing what we have and kind of exploring that together?
[46:28] And if the answer is yes, from that perspective, what I'm going to have the setter do from that point is typically say, "All right, perfect. Tell you what I'm going to do. I have a video."
[46:38] And this video could be like a mastermind record, excuse me, a master class recording, a webinar recording, an upcoming live webinar that you'd want to put people into if you're doing a weekly live webinar right now.
[46:52] And my goal with the setter from that point is to get them to consume something that's like longer form in a video format, like a recorded webinar or an upcoming live webinar, and from there, I'm going to easily be able to transition that person into a sale.
[47:08] That's what Dan Martell's team was doing with SaaS Academy. They would tell people like, "Look, I've got a lot of offers that I could walk you through that are realistically going to help you get a far greater result."
[47:20] But in reality, what I think is going to be best for you, our CEO, he has a training coming up on Thursday. And if you missed the training, it's okay. Like, we get you a recording right away. I would love to get you opted in for that.
[47:35] That way you have it on your calendar and you have an opportunity to see like all of what's available that we can do to help you. Are you open to that?
[47:45] And again, just get commitment to the person to go and actually sign up typically for a webinar or to consume some specific resource after the setter conversation.
[47:55] Typically, the setter follows up after an agreed upon date that the person claims they're going to consume. So, as an example, if you're saying, "Hey, I'm going to send you over this video training that we have from a past class that we've done. When do you think you're going to be able to consume it? Okay, cool. Tomorrow. Great.
[48:12] Do you mind if I follow up with you the next day then and just see your take on it and kind of go from there? Yeah. Okay, great. I'll pencil you in. Is one o'clock best for you on that day?"
[48:22] And it's like they're scheduling a follow-up call. And usually that can be with the closer or it can just be a follow-up call with the setter to kind of gauge where they're at and then put it onto the closer's calendar.
[48:35] The main thing that's really important to understand about the setter process is it's not like a simple one-and-done thing where you like call them up and just like close them.
[48:45] It's usually that handholding accountability, become more resourceful, provide more training, and then eventually and inevitably hand them off to a closer to actually get them closed or hand them off to a webinar to get them closed. That's really it.
[49:00] Book funnels are super awesome. Just to kind of recap on everything, I think the really the main lesson that I like to emphasize when I talk about book funnels, it doesn't have to be an actual book.
[49:12] If anything, if you don't have an actual book yet, makes it a lot harder to commit to the idea of getting a book funnel launch because you need the actual book to do it.
[49:22] You know, training guides, the PDFs, the SOPs, like those kind of things become a lot easier to actually get this thing done. And just to be clear, down in the description, you'll find links to the specific funnels that I provided here for the SaaS Academy funnel.
[49:38] And I just want to be fair and saying if you click on that link and it's not working, I don't control their company. I'm just providing you the link that they're currently running the traffic to. So check out their book. Maybe they change the link at a later date.
[49:52] But all my links, my links won't change. We have those pages for you down below for the video pitch guide and we also have it for the content first ad strategy guide. You'll find both of those in the links down below in the description.
[50:08] 📊 SLIDE DETECTADO ───────────────────────────── TEXTO: "Book Funnel Creative Best Practices"
NÚMEROS: Não especificado
VISUAL: SOP específico de nicho para criativos de book funnel, ênfase em anúncios de imagem como melhor performance, menor custo por compra historicamente
[50:10] Lastly, we do have a very interesting niche SOP that we have for this on book funnel creative. So, we typically promote books, just to be clear, in the promotion cycle through images more so than anything else.
[50:25] Image ads are awesome for book funnels. I'm not sure why. I don't want to sit here and just like openly articulate some level of assumption honestly on why images are awesome, but they are typically and historically the best possible thing that we can do that gets the lowest cost per purchase for book campaigns.
[50:45] So keep that in mind. You could do videos as well. Nothing wrong with that. But yeah, we have this snazzy little SOP here that just kind of goes through some of the best practices of the actual book funnel creative and we have that down in the description as well.
[51:00] So yeah, if you guys got any further questions, feel free to shoot me a DM on Telegram or post it into our group chat. Thank you guys so much for watching this video.
📊 RESUMO EXECUTIVO
NÚMEROS PRINCIPAIS:
$197 preço do bundle completo de SOPs
$150 preço individual por SOP
$125 preço do livro Breakthrough Advertising
$5K programa High Ticket Agency
$12,000-$36,000 range de upsell (SaaS Academy)
Alto seis dígitos/mês em revenue de upsells (SaaS Academy)
2:1 ROAS após 5 semanas (SaaS Academy)
12:1 ROAS mínimo após 2.5 meses (SaaS Academy)
4 semanas tempo médio de entrega física (SaaS Academy)
$147 primeiro upsell (12 video pitches)
$100 segundo upsell (mastermind bundle)
$300 upsell com 2-5% take rate (content first ads)
20-50% take rate ideal em upsells bem alinhados
2-9% take rate em upsells mal alinhados
50-70% open rate esperado em sequências de email
5 dias consumo médio de SOPs/guias curtos
12 capítulos = 12 dias de sequência de email
20 capítulos = 20 emails
ESTRATÉGIAS E SISTEMAS:
Book Funnels funcionam para high ticket products E services
Exemplos: red light panels, hyperbaric chambers, agências, infoprodutos
Não precisa ser livro tradicional - pode ser guias, SOPs, explainers
Claim baseado em outcome na capa (não income claim audacioso)
Brand name pode ser o claim (exemplo Hormozi $100M)
Livros não-tradicionais permitem pricing mais alto
Sistema VAK (Visual, Auditory, Kinesthetic) para consumo rápido
Free plus shipping model funciona para upsells de $12K-$36K
Funil: Sales Page → Order Form → OTO1 → OTO2 → Call Funnel
Order bumps opcionais para aumentar AOV
2 upsells ideal ($100-$150 sweet spot)
Executive summaries críticos para livros longos
PDFs digitais sempre incluídos (mesmo com livro físico)
Links clicáveis em PDFs aumentam probabilidade de upsell
Print-on-demand para livros físicos (Amazon FBA)
Manis.im em agent mode (sistema de créditos) para escrever livro
Voice-to-text para extrair training material
Aha moments = chave para upsells
Marketing automation: 1 email por capítulo por dia
Setter phase 1: accountability buddy approach (imediato)
Setter phase 2: transition to sales (após ~5 dias consumo)
Webinar/masterclass como bridge para closer
Image ads historicamente melhor performance para book funnels
ESTRUTURA:
High Ticket Agency Program breakdown:
Getting clients
Fulfillment
Ads (for clients + for agency)
Personal branding
Marketing
Sales
Client reporting
Staff recruitment/retention
W2 vs contractors
Office vs home
Software tools
Perfect Cold Video Pitch Bundle:
Video pitch SOP
Value-driven follow-up swipe file
Lead generation tools guide
Pixel events hierarchy:
Order page: Initiate Checkout + Add to Cart
OTO1: Purchase event
OTO2: Custom conversion (linked to Purchase)
Confirmation: Schedule event
Split pages por compra/não compra para tracking
DADOS FINANCEIROS:
SaaS Academy case study: AOV inicial negativo → 12x ROAS em 2.5 meses
Livro físico tradicional: $125 teto perceptual
SOP/guia bundle: $197 viável
Upsell 1: $147 (20-50% take rate se bem alinhado)
Upsell 2: $100 (20-50% take rate se bem alinhado)
Upsells mal alinhados: 2-9% take rate
High ticket backend: $5K-$36K range
Consumo rápido = ciclo de vendas curto = melhor cash flow
Livro físico = 4 semanas entrega = ciclo longo = cash fronting
Executive summaries + VAK = consumo mais rápido = upsells mais rápidos
DURAÇÃO: ~51 minutos FORMATO: Weekly Inner Circle Group Call - Screen share com exemplos visuais de funnels reais