3. 2026 Goal Planning Action Plan Review 12-6-25.mp4 Good morning. One of my favorite times of year. The end of the year. I love it. It's an incredible opportunity to see what you actually managed to accomplish over the course of the last 365 days. The last 12 months, the last 52 weeks. It is. Very important to genuinely reflect on what you managed to actually do. Most people do it wrong, in my opinion. I think that there's a lot of like bullshit, cheesy, like super corny stuff that people generally do during this time of year. I'm not like that. I'm very action-oriented and accountable with how I audit my last year. And I want to jump right into it straight away. So one of the first things I want to make really clear is that I would ideally like you, by the way, to follow along with this exercise. For obviously everybody here with me, live. You get the opportunity to ask questions and have me elaborate on certain things as necessary. For people that are watching the recording, again, just make sure you actually follow this. I think it'll be quite beneficial to do it as an actual exercise. Whether you do it on an iPad, whether you do it on a notepad, whether you open up another Google Doc or something like that on your browser tab, just pull something up where you can actually write some notes and things like that. Okay, let's start with 2025. Okay. There's a few key things that we, first of all, just have to make ourselves aware of, which is the successful actions. That we ideally want to be mindful of. The actions that worked. I really want you to think from the perspective of amplification. Okay, so I'll give you guys a great example. In the middle of 2024, specifically in July, I'd started the process of doing YouTube. I just started twice a week videos. And, you know, I started seeing like a nice upward trajectory. With education company revenue, I didn't see any action on the agency side, but still, I thought it was awesome. It wasn't my intention, but it worked out as an action. I wrote that down as a successful action. For 2025, it's the same thing. It's my twice-a-week YouTube videos. And once I find a successful action. Ideally, what I did was find envelope buyers. Okay. Amplifiers are the next key. So in this case, what I chose to do throughout 2025—there's really two ways to look at this, okay? When you find the successful action throughout the year, ideally, you're self-aware of it and you start to amplify it right on the spot. If you're not amplifying a successful action that you've already written down, the plan here would be: and this kind of transfers over to the 2026 plan side of things. How can you take a successful action? And amplify. Okay. So for me, as an example, one thing that I did in 2025 was a few things to amplify this action. Okay. Number one. We turned all of those YouTube videos into blogs. Okay, we did that on jeremyhaines. com. And. We are seeing these rank. We're seeing the AI search overviews start to pick these things up. I've seen ChatGPT start to pick these things up. They're simply put doing well as an example of amplification and they all push back to YouTube. We also did LinkedIn. LinkedIn is a spam hellhole. I fucking hate LinkedIn. To be clear, we're still varying this specific action. We've found, in the most recent month, that newsletters, in terms of like these, really long-form, essentially taking damn near the entirety of the blogs that are written. And just rewriting them and putting them onto LinkedIn and then pasting the video inside of those newsletters. And I'm talking about like a literal function in LinkedIn called newsletters. That also has driven a very marginal, like a fraction, tiny, tiny bit of traffic back to the channel. So not a current successful action, but something nonetheless that I think we'll see some positivity in. X has been the largest out of any of the other amplifier strategies so far that's worked to drive people back over to YouTube in terms of referral sources for us that's been an incredible thing. To be clear, we pay the same company for both of these. He's here in the inner circle with us. His name's Marcos. And. What's Marco's company name, guys? Like the Bird House or something like that, if anybody works with them and knows? Anyway, Marcos is great. This was a $6. 3K a month action. In terms of how much it cost me, so good YouTube has shaped up to be about a six-cam month action now, whereas historically it's only been a three-cam month action. It amplified a bit because of our cost with our vlogs that we're doing now. Okay, anyway, back to my point. Blogs, LinkedIn, X. And then in addition to that, we have a few other things that we started to incorporate in the later part of 2025, which was Instagram. Instagram is failing to refer a lot of people directly back to YouTube because we end every video by trying to prompt people to go and search for it on the YouTube app. One strategy that we're going to change is instead of doing that, we are going to add mini chat into the mix. And we are going to attempt to get people to comment a specific word, make it easier for them to click the link. Our test was: we wanted to try to get people to go search. That has a stronger signal to the YouTube algorithm when people are actively going and searching for your content. It's just very hard to track, and again, didn't really create like the level of growth over a few month period of time that we otherwise thought it would. So we're just going to divert efficiency. Okay here's my point for why I bring this up as an example so you can expand on your own list. Okay, you want to have a list of successful actions. Okay, if you just rip through a bunch of them, that's fine. But I want you to really like delve into how it was a successful action. So you're self-aware of it. And I want you to also reflect on the fact: Did you amplify the successful action already? Or do you need to consider how you're going to amplify the successful action? Again, to be very direct with you, if you have not already started the process of amplification, that would fall into the 2026 planning. If you have already amplified a specific action, you're going to see that there's a continuation that's necessary for the 2026 planning and potentially some adjustments like what I've talked to you about here. In regards to my IG as an example, switching to mini chat or LinkedIn, switching from standard posts and linking the YouTube video that way to newsletters and embedding the video straight into the newsletter itself. The point I'm trying to make is: We need to build our list. Okay, that's where it all starts. So take a moment. Get your list going. Let's work through this in real time together. Once you get a few. I'd like to see what your most successful action was in 2025. It's okay not to rank it initially, just rip a few ideas right out of your head and put them onto the paper. Okay, type them down, write them down, do whatever you got to do. Get them out of your head and write them down. And then, ideally, what we do from there is we can organize it a bit. Okay? We can organize it a bit. Another great successful action for me while I sit here and do this exercise with you was the office. I had no idea. I mean, I've been working remote since 2018. Well before COVID. Haven't had any issues with it. Didn't think anything negative of it at all. I'll tell you point fucking blank, having an office is fucking awesome. It brought the team together in different ways. It allowed for some new roles to be hired for. It gave us an incredible place together to have an opportunity to connect. I think it'll also open up in terms of 2026 planning some additional revenue drivers that we can do. As an example, like we can incorporate workshops. We could do like kind of one-off events that are themed to go like really deep. You know, as a great example, like on my own masterminds now, I don't really even get the opportunity to talk that much anymore. At this upcoming mastermind, I have eight people that are getting million dollar mug trophies as of like the 2nd of December. That means eight of you will talk. Then Talk about what you did to hit your million-dollar month. I also have one guest speaker. We have nine total speakers, not including me. It's like everybody will have like a little fraction of time. A workshop, as an example, would allow me the opportunity to like truly delve into a mastery level topic with a handful of people in person. I think that was an incredible acquisition of a physical space. That, again, opens up more revenue opportunities as well. That I haven't exploited yet. Think of these things as well. In terms of a successful action, sometimes it's just as simple as like you acquired something that allows you to have a greater opportunity. I'll give you another example just to expand further on this to help with your list. Flying Private, I did not take a single commercial flight in 2025. I only flew private to everywhere I needed to fly. And it was absolutely fucking awesome. It was not just— what I've kind of irrationally always thought it was. just like some kind of flex. It was genuinely justified from the perspective of time savings. It was fucking sick. It's also an incredible flex. But my goodness, the time savings of flying private is a fucking awesome, successful action. I quantified it, okay? I saved about 22 hours this year, almost an entire day. just flying private. And I'll have a little bit more time that gets added to that. That will take it over a full day because I'm taking a Christmas trip out to San Diego. For my annual hypnotism with Mr. Dr. George Pratt. My point I'm trying to make to you is very simple. These types of actions, you want to consider all of them. So let me be clear in terms of labeling these. This. was a clear revenue driver. This. essentially expanded potential. This saved time. So when you look at your list, a lot of people, when they recap their year, they don't categorize. Like what actually could be categorized as a successful action. You might just have historically like only thought in revenue drivers. And there should be a lot of revenue drivers, by the way. Your list should be made up of like a good amount of revenue drivers. But there's also a lot of things that you likely did in 2025 that expanded your potential as well and or saved you time. And those are two categories you absolutely want to focus on. Um. I'm not trying to get super religious on you guys or anything, but this has been something that came into my life recently. was uh my relationship with God. This was arguably one of the coolest ones that I think I had all year and it came towards the end of the year. This was fucking awesome in terms of just like spirituality. slash like an inner peace. I would also say slash like purpose. I already feel like an extremely purpose-driven individual. But I've also expanded my relationship with God exponentially this year. And that was another incredible, successful action for me that I think is. done a lot for me. I could classify it under the expanded potential category, but I don't know, it almost feels limiting to do that. In addition to that, And this one was actually kind of crazy. I don't want to just drop this on you guys and get all like drama oriented, but I'd actually separated from a very long time relationship. With and I pass with my X now. And. I was in the process of just trying to like get more serious and like get to the point where I was having kids. And as my commitment was increasing, I just wasn't getting that on the other side. She just wanted to delay it further and further and I didn't think that was appropriate. I caught her in a big lie too. And that was actually something that helped me get closer to God because it was very confusing to me at first. Here's my point. I have a new girl. I call her my thick Cuban daddy. I hope you guys get to meet her at the Mastermind. It's going to be incredible. But here's my point. I also had an incredible person from a relationship perspective come into my life that has also added a tremendous amount of value to my day-to-day routines. Uh, expanded my thinking, you know, brought me a lot more peace as well. Something that I just didn't consider needed changing. You know, I would have never made that decision. However, it's incredible what it's done. So again, it's another category beyond just spirituality. And the inner peace that that may provide you also consider the relationships that are in your life, like all the people that you managed to bring into your life this year. Think about. The business people that you've brought into your life. Think about, like, network connections that you've had, but really consider the special people that you managed to bring into your life. Over the course of 2025 as well. Because as we all know, there's a lot of capital that can be generated from relationships. Your life is determined by your relationships to a large degree. A lot of relationships can dictate options. And therefore, your lack of options too. Something as well as a category to consider. So anyway, network. If there was one key player. Or like somebody you brought into your life that's just awesome, definitely consider that as well. Okay, is everybody done with their lists? Anybody need more time to expand further on it? Put a one in the chat if you're done with the list. Put a two in the chat if you need more time. Again, one's in the chat if you're done, two in the chat if you need a little more time. Okay, good. See you in a bunch of ones. Okay, take a moment. I want you to now, in terms of ranking. Okay. I want you to rank. your list. Okay, take a few moments. Ideally, one through whatever. And ideally, what you're judging on when you rank is impact. Okay. Out of all the things on your list, What created the most impact out of everything? It should be obvious as fuck. Like you should be able to look at that thing and be like, 'Bingo, that was the one.' Now, after you've ranked your list, we have a very key thing that we have to consider. Which is amplification slash nurture. Okay, so now we're going to build a little bridge here, okay? So when we look, we're going to kind of go back and forth now, okay? When we look at 2026, and we consider a plan, I want you to start with a plan of amplification. Okay. We're not going to map all of 2026 yet. We're just going to start with the amplification. Okay. What I want you to now carry over to your 2026 plan is what needs amplified? What can you squeeze more juice out of that you're failing to squeeze now? Okay, and by the way, just start. with what you feel like you can amplify, like, as a great example, just to be clear on my list. I feel like I can definitely amplify YouTube. Okay, just as simple as that. That's all you need to write down initially is just what can you amplify? Okay. I feel like I can amplify. I feel like I can help from my relationship with God. I feel like I can amplify my relationship with my new partner. I feel like I can... add a few more staff. And this is really amplifying my office a little bit further. I feel like I can definitely amplify the office more. I think there's a lot of juice to squeeze there, no doubt. I barely used it in 2025. Just an example, okay? Now, with these specific things. Now we need to build a plan of amplification. Okay, so now here's ideally what we do. We want to consider, what are we actually going to do with these things? Gang. So as an example, for YouTube, one thing that I started about a month ago was I started vlogs. Okay, I call it get to know me content. One thing that I learned in 2025 from two of our inner circle members, Brez and TJR. Is Brez and TJR get like 100 million to 400 million impressions a month on their Instagram profiles. They're big dogging, okay? And a majority of their content is essentially 'get to know me' content. It's character development content. It's just like you feel like you know these guys. They give a very well-rounded perspective of their personalities online. And then they both have like my main channel on YouTube. My like talking head content is essentially like their side channels. Like their main channels are their blog channels and then their side channels are the talking head content. Now, to be fair, I don't necessarily know if that's a strategy that I'm going to be able to exploit. But one thing that I've already seen just from doing it for a month and a half, just like I did when I first started my talking head content YouTube in the middle of 2024, was I saw these vlogs. start to create a lot more like regular communication amongst high-level business people. So as an example, I shared a video just, I think it was yesterday or the day before, where I was talking about migraines had been preventing me from going to the gym. and i was back in the gym and i was talking about rebuilding my image in the in the the vision of like, what would, what would God want me to look like? And I have plenty more motivational drivers to be clear. But the main thing I'm trying to do is I'm trying to dominate the migraines. So I had like three dozen people hit me up. Who all had overcome migraines. Like Mr. Odell here, as an example, had contacted me and said, like, 'Hey man, this is what I do for a living.' Like I help people like that. Here's something that I can help with. I had people say, like, 'Hey, I took this supplement or that supplement or like this was a trigger for me and like this helped me.' I had other people just hit me up and say, 'Dude, I get those too.' Like, I really appreciate you just saying that you're dealing with that. It's very inspiring. It also prevented me from doing this and that. I'm going to go out there and try it again. The point I'm trying to make. I can already see, like, clearly how it's going to be a great strategy. And I can also see, like, clearly like the need to amplify it further. One big reason as well that I want to do the vlogs is so I can take advantage of one of the biggest amplification strategies that I think exists right now that I think is still going to be something that's super exploitable in 2026. Clippers. That was one thing that Brez talked about in his Q2 of 2025 Mastermind Talk. He talked about how important clippers were. They spend upwards of $50,000 a month on content distribution. TJR does the same, give or take a little bit more in budget. And they get a dramatic amount of viewership from them. Tremendous amount of poor people, to be fair, tremendous amount of poor people, which is the one thing that I think is very limiting in that regard. However, I also believe with the right type of content, it'll kind of determine directionally who I reach. Point I'm trying to make, I can't even take advantage of a certain amplification strategy until I get something else foundationally in place. So 2026 requires me, I only have six vlogs right now. It requires me to have a lot more content that I churn out for that kids know me content. That way, I can amplify my talking head content too. Okay. So again, when you look at your list, what I want you to simply consider is. What? is preventing it from being amplified. That you need to get out of the way. Think in terms of prevention. Like blockers. And in addition to the prevention slash blockers, we also want to consider the things that are super obvious. That would make it much more probable to be amplified easier. Right. Like, again, just to be clear. Not doing vlogs is a big preventative slash blocker. Doing the vlogs is an easy mover to... The Clippers. To unlock the Clippers. The Clippers are going to be a massive driver. Going to be a massive, massive driver. It's going to be a huge mover. Can't do it unless I overcome the preventative slash blocker. Which is just getting the content in the first place. Okay, so look at your list now. Pay attention to your list. Look at it from that perspective. What is preventing the amplification that must get out of the way? What must you absolutely fucking smash through? To get to the other side where a mover exists. Where a big driver exists. You can't take advantage of certain movers until you are positioned properly to do so. You and I, we can't go sit in an F1 car right now and just fucking rip that bad boy around at its fullest potential. A preventative slash blocker would be the skill to drive a fucking race car that fast. The reaction times that we would need. A lot of development, the skill itself would be what is the blocker there. The mover would then be enough money to get an F1 car. You know, can't even take advantage of unless we got the money. Sometimes a preventative slash blocker might just be as simple as you don't have enough cash to do it. Other times, and this is a lot of the times, it's like a mental block. Or sometimes a person doesn't exist yet that needs to exist. To be able to accomplish the mover thing on the other side. Like I need, I need a Clipper network after this. You know, now that I'm starting to get the content, I need to know. So it's a people thing after that too. Okay, again, now look at your list. And try to build it from this perspective. Spend some time on it real quick. Ask questions if you need. And remember, your 2026 plan right now, all you're doing is just thinking in terms of what's a successful action that I'm trying to amplify. What's my amplification strategy? Like JC is an example in 2025, absolutely ripped on some ads, finally cracked the ads, finally got good at it, finally started to get some serious momentum from it. As an example of an amplification strategy, I would imagine that he's going to expand on the amount of ads he creates. Infrastructure to be able to easily do it and turn things around quickly. I imagine he has something related to ideation that he's going to try to exploit. And milk and take advantage of. And make easier, you know, simplify it. I imagine in addition to that, he's probably just going to do something as simple as spend more money. You know, there's probably also some blockers related to not having enough closers. or needing to train a specific type of staff. Or maybe do what John Madsen did and just start hiring from his community for his closing network. You know, there's all kinds of specific things. that you have to look at. And you have to say. Is it as simple as just spending more money? Or is it more complex than that? And if it's complex, break down the complexity of it until it feels simple. There's also certain things that I want to be clear that when you think in terms of amplification, you realize it's going to be a fucking chaotic shit show. Like Margarita and Leo is an example come to mind. You guys had that webinar that you promoted organically. And that webinar you promoted organically required you to make, like, an unbelievable amount of content to promote. And it felt like it lasted for maybe weeks of just consistent organic promotion. And I would imagine that that was quite exhausting. And so, if you think in terms of amplification of that specific strategy, you can also clearly expose a need to change the strategy, which is another great thing to take note of if that's the case. You don't get to exploit certain things. You don't get to amplify certain things because, if you amplify them, you're going to lower your quality of life dramatically and potentially burn out the strategy. So take note of that as well. If you look at certain things that feel like successful action— and you attempt to think in terms of amplification— and the amplification exposes, they would break. It's an incredible thing to take note of and kind of put a pin in for now. Yes. Leo said, yes, it was horrible. Yeah, Leo, I mean, you were getting water tossed at you, man. You just get like a humiliation ritual for you, dog. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I don't know. Okay, anyway, spend a little more time on your list. I just want to make sure, I highly doubt you guys are all done, but try to really just think very intentionally about it. Think in terms of the preventatives, think in terms of the blockers, think in terms of the movers. Take complex things, simplify it down. Leave the simple things simple. Sometimes things don't need to be complex. Okay. Now. What we need to do. is we need to go back to 2025 again. Okay, and what we need to do in 2025. is we need to make a list of what did not work at all. Okay, we need to consider unsuccessful actions. and what that looks like. We need to determine in 2025 with brutal honesty. What was a terrible thing? Okay. What was clearly, when you look back in hindsight, something that was just super retarded. Something that didn't make sense. Wrong staff. I'll tell you a good one that a lot of you just based on talking to all you guys. You are far too tolerable of certain things. Like for some of you guys, as an example, it blows my fucking mind when I hear this from you guys. You guys are like... Hey, I just filmed 50 ads, but it's going to take like 30 days for them to get edited. I would beat the fuck out of my staff. They told me it was going to take 30 days to edit fucking 50 ads. It should take like a day or two tops. And then you get on a call with me and I'm like, 'Why the fuck are you tolerating this kind of shit?' and then you just— you just like, 'I didn't even think I what'—like, what do you mean, I'm tolerating it. You know, so a lot of you guys just tolerate. Way too much. You don't act with urgency. You don't act with speed. Look, I'll give you guys a great perspective real quick. Who here feels like 2025 just absolutely fucking cooked by? Just ripped by? Put a one in the chat if you feel like that. Put it to in the chat if you felt like it went slow. It's like, look at all the ones, dude. Every single person. It's all 1-1-1-1-1-1-1. Right? And so really think about this, okay? If it goes that fast. Why would you allow something? to fester for longer than it feels like it should. Got to become intolerable. You've got to learn to really press. Okay, I'll give you a good one. Not being in the gym enough. I think I started going to the gym aggressively around, uh... Like late October? I think going to the gym more often is a great thing. All the things I remember about it are still true. Made me incredibly more disciplined. Arguably, it's like the literal hardest thing I do in a day. It makes everything else so fucking easy. Makes you feel great. There's some bad days that come from the gym for sure. But still. Way better of an action. But yeah, not being in the gym enough. I definitely see that. Anyway, here's my point. Sometimes there's an action that you took that just didn't make any sense. Like we had a client that we were recently doing the same exercise with. And TikTok ads. Absolutely sucked for them. And you looked at the total amount that they spent on it, and it was about $80,000 just. And vaporized. And they were really determined to get it to work. That's why they spent the 80K on it. But at the same time, it's like they never got it to work. And so it just never made sense to carry through into 2026 in this case. You know, sometimes it's as simple as that. Other times, you attempted to amplify a specific action in 2025. It became a limiting action. And as a result, you just kept your attention on that limiting action and you never attempted to expand beyond it into new action. That specific failure to try new things, like failing to try new things, failing to take significant risks, failing to spend that ad spend on something else. You know, these are also all things that you could consider as unsuccessful actions. Now, just to be clear, these are things that obviously we'd want to cut out in 2026. These are things that we would not want to do. These are things that we would want to make sure that we find a way to negate from happening again. So, generally, what we then do. As we go back to 2026. Okay, so we got the 2026 and we're going to call this the cutout. Okay, and so ideally, what we do for 2026 is we consider, like, what have you habitualized? So here's a very important thing to consider about how the human brain works, okay? Neural pathways. So the brain. has a tough time creating new habits. You have to be extremely intentional about creating new habits. Because the neural pathways in your brain to easily repeat that behavior just do not exist yet. And that's why it's so hard to do something new in most instances— is because we don't have the pathways in our brain established yet to accomplish those things. In an efficient way, so we exert a lot of energy on new things, and as you guys have consistently heard me talk about time and time again, all human beings defer to energy conservation because it's evolutionarily ingrained into all of us. We're in a world of unlimited calories, though— Okay, we have unlimited energy now. There's no longer a need to think that way. We have to think with. What has become habitualized. That's really easy to repeat. That we have to intentionally sabotage and cut out. What specific thing makes no sense that you're currently doing? Okay, I'm going to give you a great example of this. Okay? Simple as this. Going to bed at 2 a. m. Fucks my day up. But I did it very frequently. 2025. To the point where I've just habitualized it. Okay, I get less sleep if I go to bed at 2 a. m. because I still wake up at the same time as the next day. I get good deep sleep and REM sleep, thankfully, and I still have great sleep stats like HRV and resting heart rate. But I can tell like a noticeable difference in mental cognitive performance. My brain power the next day is shot if I go to bed at like 2 a. m. I need to habitualize a better sleep pattern for when I go to bed. This could also just be the simplest shit, like something that you find yourself doing that's just like a really low level revenue-driven task. Like something that technically, remember guys. When you do something, it becomes something that a neural pathway then is in your brain, makes the behavior easy to repeat. Okay, one thing that most people struggle with is like they take an action, they hand it off to somebody else. They take a new action. They hand it off to somebody else and they just keep climbing. And this is the best thing. It's like as you hand off that old action, and you get to the point where you're taking new actions. You should be able to climb to the point where the next set of actions is a new higher revenue-driven action than what you were previously doing that you just handed off. Here's the issue. Sometimes people repeat a specific behavior, and they never hand it off to somebody else. They just keep doing it and doing it and doing it and doing it and doing it because it became easy to do. And technically it drives revenue. But it's something that could easily be handed off to somebody else. It's officially produced enough revenue where it can afford a payroll position to cover it. And you have a clear, day-action, on the other side of handing off that behavior that you've habitualized. And you're failing to take that expanded revenue-driven action because you've habitualized a lower revenue-driven action that you're stuck doing consistently. This is very important to understand this. Because as an example of something to cut out, there's likely one of those actions, if not a few. That you're currently doing that makes no sense to do that if you freed up that time. There's a very obvious revenue-driven action that would make you a lot more money on the other side of it. Okay, so I ask you from that perspective, like, what are you doing now that just doesn't make any fucking sense to do? One thing I commemorate all of you on as a great example of this is you being here right now. Like you guys being in the inner circle. You guys have all taken on the initiative of expanding your awareness around scaled business lessons. Mastering all aspects of marketing. Learning. Thoroughly about sales management, sales teams, getting to the point where you master offers. You just really expanded on what it is that you need to know— is like very core and advanced skill sets to make as much money as possible in this online high ticket landscape nowadays. That's a great action. Okay. Let me tell you some things that might not make that much sense that I consistently encourage you to find efficiency in. It's like, you don't need to be sitting there writing all your ad ideas anymore. It's like, we can hand those off to tools like Manus, soon to be Utari. We can hand those things off to people. Okay. We don't need to be doing things like, for example, with YouTube, I used to set up the fucking iPad and like the mic and like, you know, make sure it's all good and then hand it off to the editors. I didn't do that anymore. All my setups are just like 'set up so I can just walk in and sit down and film. It doesn't make sense for me to spend that, like, couple minutes, you know, on that action. These aren't like the, I want to be really direct when I say this, there's like glaringly obvious tiny actions that you're taking. And then there's like these little nuanced ones that you probably don't think are robbing like an hour of your day, but accumulatively they are. What do you think about this? A couple minutes a day here and there adds up to an hour real easily. And then, all of a sudden, you lost an hour in the day of productivity that could have gone towards something else. That new relationship I was telling you about, the girl lives about 25 minutes south of me. South Miami. She has a big old mansion. She a rich girl. This drive time has been purposeless. I just listen to music and I drive and I enjoy the drive and I think it's great. But one thing that I've also started to do on that drive is I started listening to things again. Like I started listening to things like audio books and I started to try to expand on that because it's about 40 minutes. About 40 minutes there. I mean, actually, 20 minutes there, 20 minutes back, 40 minutes total. Do that a couple times a week. That's a few hours right there. few hours with an audio book, few hours with the right podcast. That's a lot of extra education time. I was just listening to music otherwise. You see what I mean? Something as nuanced as that is actually a couple hours a week. Put a one in the chat. If you've got what you need on your cutout list. Put a two in the chat if you need more time, or if you have questions, feel free to unmute yourself. Kadisha asks, How do we rip into our team without coming off too strong or toxic? Yeah, Kadisha, it's just leadership characteristics. So, like, as an example of something that you may want to add. To your 2026 plan is leadership. Right. Leadership traits. You got to learn to be an aspirational leader. Aspirational leaders. This is actually the one reason that I do actually encourage people study politicians. A lot of them are very, very good with aspirational leadership. I would also say that watching sermons on YouTube from the right pastors has actually been one of the most I'm not exaggerating when I say this. I think I've learned more about sales watching people pitch, donating to churches in sermons, than I have watching sales trainers in 2025. I am thoroughly impressed with those fuckers, dude. Day are insane. With how they pitch. Like, it's, like, crazy to me, the shit they say. It's so crazy. And anyway, long story short, though, here's my point, okay? While I watch them, I'm also learning, like, okay, these people are the leader of a massive, like, sometimes multi-thousand person organization. That. is so good. Add. inspiring people to take in actions, but from more of like an aspirational place rather than like a hard firm. And Kadisha, you know, no offense to you, Kadisha, you seem very uh like logical. You seem very like I mean, at the end of the day, you're teaching people to be data analysts, you know, so you seem very centric and like a logic-based place in terms of how you're going to communicate. And that's fine, too. You can inspire people from logic. There's nothing wrong with inspiring people from a leadership perspective with logic. You just got to make what you need them to do make sense if you're going to come from a logical place. But what you're going to find is emotions provoke a much higher level of energy in people that then gets turned around and deployed in a positive way in your organization. So provoking emotions in the people that you lead is a very important part of leadership. It is. It's going to make a huge difference to what you do. Okay. So anyway. Long story short. Yeah, Myron Golden's fucking awesome, dude. We love Myron Golden over here. Me and all my homies, we fuck with Myron Golden big time. Okay, so anyway, outside of the 2026 cutout and amplification and considering successful and unsuccessful actions from 2025, we have to also remind ourselves of one of the most important things, okay? And this is to me where a lot of people really mess up when they're doing. Any kind of goal planning and like... considering what they need to do and when. is they fail to factor in the grand vision. Okay, the grand vision is mandatory to consider. When you are determining what's going to be done, and when so many people will think with a year. Okay. Like they'll be at the end of 2025 and they'll be like, 'Okay, what do I want to do over the next year?' It, in some instances, can feel challenging to think that way. Because you're only thinking in the next year. And as you guys just all experienced and all commented on, that last year absolutely fucking ripped by, okay? And the worst thing to do is just when you're climbing a flight of stairs to only focus on the next step. Okay. In life. The stairs in this analogy. Do not lead to the same place, okay? If you pictured yourself standing in the middle. And there's stairs all around you. Okay, and you can directionally take it whichever way you want. You could be walking up the stairs this way and then all of a sudden you're walking up the stairs this way and then all of a sudden you're walking back down the stairs and then up this way— that's how a lot of people's lives end up because they fail to maintain a longer term direction. In order to truly get to the other side in the most efficient way, the fastest, where your dream life likely exists and all your ideal outcomes come true, you have to maintain direction. And the direction comes from staying focused on the grand vision. The grand vision should be something, and let me be really clear when I say this. If you're driving in fog, okay. You can only see so much of the road in front of you. You know with certainty that more road beyond your visibility exists. But you can't see it yet. You got to keep going forward to unlock the next part of the road, okay? Money. And the amount of accumulated resources, your network, everything that you've managed in terms of skills to accumulate. You've recognized over the years that that allows you to see more of the road. Okay. But you're still in the fog. And so you have a destination in mind, but you can't see it clearly. You'll be able to see it a lot more clearly the closer you get to it. So what you have to maintain as a perspective every year that you're considering your goals is what does that grand vision look like and did it get clearer? Okay, can you see it more clearly now? And can you therefore define it more? Okay, so as an example, I have always talked about this. I have consistently since the age of 20, 25, excuse me, 20, 20, since the age of 25, okay, I'm 31 now. I've talked about this many times over in the inner circle over the years since I've started. I invest $200,000 a month straight into the S&P. Sometimes I invest a little bit in the individual stocks, but most of the time I just put it straight into the S&P. That requires me to pay about $80,000 a month in taxes just to do that, by the way. So it's about 280 a month to be able to execute on that plan. I figured, okay, I don't necessarily know still today what to actually do with $100 million liquid. Here's all I do know though. If I invest $200,000 a month, for 20 years in a row from age 25 to 45 and I maintained a minimum of a 10% annualized return, which I have. Every year since I've started this strategy, six years in a row, I've hit that goal. Okay. Is there going to be years where I've done way better and some years where I'll do way worse? I'm sure. Yeah, I'm sure. It's 20 fucking years of being in the market. Who knows what will happen? I don't even control it. Okay. But here's what I do know. If I, for 20 years in a row, invest $200K a month and get a 10% annualized return, it turns into about $130-ish million. Okay. Which, just to be very clear with you, I wouldn't sell to like turn into just literally $135 million. It'd be $135 million in compounded equities. That I would sell about 4% a year of. Okay, the 4% rule. Pay my taxes, my long-term capital gains taxes on that 4%. And that'd give me a good couple hundred grand a month. It'd give me like three to four hundred grand a month in today's dollars, then. to spend. minus inflation. and have a free and clear, like maybe $150,000 to $200,000, give or take how bad inflation is. just off the 4% rule, okay? And obviously, it'd give me a lot of dry powder if I needed to make like a substantial bet and really pull some like serious money out of that. Now, here's what I want to make really clear. When I have the $100 million, it will be dramatically different in terms of what I can think with. Okay, back to driving in the fog. All I know now is I just need to keep hucking 200k into the market every month. That's all I actually know, okay? I don't know what I'll be able to think with. I don't know what options will be available to me. I don't know what I want to do at age 45. I know none of that. Okay. I have like a general idea, but what I consistently find and what I'm sure you consistently find as well is: your goals are somewhat dynamic. Like you— you can only think with what you have right now in terms of resources to think with and maybe a little bit beyond that. When you get to $100 million, as an example, like liquid cash that you can fucking deploy however you want, there's obviously a totally different mindset that'll unlock that I genuinely can't think with right now. So when you think of the grand vision, I want you to remember this, okay? Think of it in terms of the amount of dollars you need to accumulate. And allow the thinking. That will come as the resources accumulate to happen later. I just want you to have a rough direction you need to go. Okay, for me. Just think about how simple it is. I got a Huck 2. 4 mil a year into the market, dude. That's it. That's all I gotta do. If I do that. I'm going to have all kinds of thinking that perpetually unlocks itself as time goes on. I'll give you a really good one. I'll give you a really good one, okay? So with the amount of money I make now, one cool thought that came into my head. That I wanted to take action on in 2026. I've kind of liked generally thought about doing this, but like it's become a lot more clear to me because I've accumulated a lot more resources. I've always wanted to run like true psychology tests on people. I remember when I very first started getting into marketing, there are all these videos on YouTube of like classic psychology lessons. One of my favorite videos as an example. They put a person in a room, a wall, and then another person on the other side. And one of the people is a staged actor. And the person on the other side has this big panel and they think they're electrocuting the other person. It starts with a really low level. A really, really low level. of electrocution. And the highest level. electrocutes the fuck out of that other person on the other side of the wall. But remember, they're not actually electrocuting anybody. The other person on the other side of the wall is an actor. And so the Lesson. There is an authority figure. That keeps telling the person who's doing the electrocuting. Kick it up another level. And they don't know they're electrocuting the person. All they think is they're just doing something with this machine in front of them. But they can hear the other person on the other side of the wall. So the authority figure says, 'Do the next level.' And they kick it up, and they hear the other person on the other side of the wall at the lower levels just kind of go, 'Ah!' And the authority figure says, 'Do the next one.' The person does the next one and then the other person on the other side of the wall. And they eventually get like halfway up. And when they do the electrocute and the other person on the other side of the wall, like fucking screams, like just like clear pain. Okay. But again, it's an actor. Clear paint. And what they're trying to prove in the psychology lesson is, is when does the person who's being told to do the electrocuting from an authority figure... Stop. And say no more, like 'I'm done with this' or 'Do they say stop at all?' Will they do that or will they just continue listening? And what they found in the psychology lesson, they were trying to give lessons of why World War II happened and why so many people just blindly listen to people like Hitler. And moral of the story is: There were some people that got all the way to the top of the electrocuting thing where the person on the other side of the wall wasn't even making sounds anymore. After making like excruciating pain three-fourths of the way up, they just stopped making sounds. And. Again, psychology lessons like this were always very fascinating to me. I would love to do those in the context of marketing psychology lessons. I think those types of videos would be sick. They'll probably cost like, I don't know. 5k to like maybe upwards of 20k a video. And I think it'd be great. Like I can definitely see like an expanded version of myself. Where, in terms of my vision, like I would love to provide those types of lessons and give, like, modern versions of marketing lessons of those same things. I think it's so funny sometimes when people make ads and they think it's a great ad. I just want to like walk around and show people ads and like see their reaction to it in real life. You know, like little things like that all the way up to like grand psychology lessons. It's a cool thing that I think of in the back of my head. And I want to be clear when I say this, okay? That one had nothing to do with money. Like, that wouldn't even be like a revenue-driven thing that I would technically do. I guess it would just kind of establish me as somebody that. It's like an originator of thought, which I believe I already am, but in the grander context of psychology marketing lessons. My grand vision in terms of the 200K a month that I invest is to get to 100 mil plus liquid. Okay. My grand vision in terms of like stuff that I want, like, yeah, I want a fucking jet. Yeah. I want a couple of cribs around. Yeah, I want like five kids. I want to have five little fucking baby germs running around, you know? Talking about getting richer. holding you boys and girls accountable. You know? My point is like, I got all that kind of stuff too. When you think of the grand vision, here's the whole point, okay? What the grand vision allows you to do is it allows you to see like the destination. And then, what I want you to do from there is kind of snap back to where the car is right now in the fog. And then, I want you to consider what is the most obvious shit that you have to do in 2026 to take more steps towards the grand vision. Okay, when you think in this context, The 2026 plan should be super obvious. Okay, it should be super obvious. So, as an example, a big core part of my planning is $200,000 a month. Straight into the good ol' S &P. Okay, in order to do that, I've just got to maintain being able to spend fucking 80K a month in taxes too. And I got to obviously be able to maintain comfortably being able to throw fucking 200 G's a month into the market. Now, in terms of an action that that would require me to take, for me, that's always made the easiest fucking thing— the most obvious. Which is recurring. Revenue. So it's like, if you think of it from this perspective, and I'm trying to genuinely be like as transparent as I can. Things like my marketing agency with rev shares, okay? And making like upwards of half of these amounts here that I need to invest off of just client deals with the amounts they can pay in rev shares. Things like you guys, okay, and the inner circle, and raising prices of the inner circle, perpetually getting people more rich so that pricing can go up and you guys can maintain being a part of it and comfortably pay for it. Okay, it makes it obvious that not only do I need recurring revenue, it makes it obvious that I need high-ticket recurring revenue. You understand? It's like the 2026 plan in terms of things that I would need to do that helped me get closer to my grand vision. Like let's take. I'll just again— not to get super religious on you guys, but just something I consider that's new to my 2025 that I definitely want to figure out a way to amplify. Like I deeply believe that, like this version of me is like, an incredible family man. I definitely, because I'm going to be 45 at that age. I'm 31 right now. That's really not that long. There's 14 more years. I think they'll have an incredible relationship with God by that point. I'm not even sure what that necessarily means because I'm in the fall. I can only see like 200 feet in front of me. I think in general that I'll have that. I think they'll have incredible morals and values still. I think that I'll be very charitable. I'm starting to realize that the Get Richer messaging is—it's like a cult that I'm going to create. I'm going to go very, very hard on the Get Richer messaging. I think that is one of the most important things that I could put into the world. And I will. I will be the person to martyr that message. I would be very aggressive on that. I think the version of me at 45 is so aggressive with that messaging, you know, just talking about it fucking nonstop, just yapping about it left and right. You know? Then, when I think of these things that are like far out in terms of the grand vision. I can come down here and I'm like, 'All right, well, what would I need to do this year? in order to align to that version of myself, right? The habits should become obvious.' The day in and day out action should become obvious, right? The consistent things that I must repeat will become obvious. Okay, I want you to build that plan now. Spend some time thinking about it. Write it down. We have a question in the chat. So is the grand vision to put 200K a month into the market or to end up with 100 million? So to be clear, grand vision is $ 100 million. Grand Vision. is then: How do I get 100 million? $ 100 million. I went to the investor. gov website. There is a compound interest calculator on Investor. gov. And I messed around with it. Let me see if I can show it to you right now. Okay, this is a United States website from the good old SEC. They have this financial tools and calculator section. And then what I did is I was like, 'All right, if I needed a hundred million dollars, like how much money would I have to invest?' And I just started throwing in like random numbers. So essentially, just to be clear, so I can like read aloud what I'm doing while I do this. This first one represents the amount that you would invest today. Okay. And the monthly contribution, very obvious, would represent how much you put in every month. The length of time in years, so I was 24 at the time that I started coming up with this plan. I didn't actually have the money to afford it until I was 25. So I've factored in from 25 to 45. I went to Google and I typed in, 'what's the average annual return of the S&P 500?' It was like 11 something percent. So I put 10%. And then I press calculate. And I found that, simply put, I would need to invest. Again, about $240,000 a year for 20 years in a row comes out to $48 million invested, by the way. And that compounds to the point over a measly 20 years. of A total of $138 million. Okay. So that helps me understand it— technically could be a little less than 200K, but I also assumed that not every year would be perfect because the markets aren't perfect. So then I went back to this math and I just kind of stat padded a little bit to determine that 200K was what I needed. So when you think in terms of grand vision. Grand Vision is like the most. like the biggest outcome, the biggest outcome that's like a very low probability to achieve in 2026, but you're going to actively take actions to work towards it. That's what makes your 2026 plan obvious. You understand? And by the way, Shivam and Max? You guys are also at the, like in terms of revenue. this is something that's really important for you to consider, okay? Because I was higher in revenue than you are now. than both of you are now. When I started coming up with this plan, you can only think with options that are like so far beyond your current reality. Your current level of income determines how far into the future you can truly think and how much you believe is genuinely realistic for yourself. So when you think of, like, a number, like $100 million, right? It's a fucking unreal amount of money. It is. It's a ton. But here's a few things that you want to do to strategically, okay? Because you want to make these things seem extremely realistic in the grand vision. So. Think about what I just showed you. 200 Gs a month into the market, dog. That's all it takes. 20 years in a row, fucking ripping 200 Gs into the market is all it takes to hit $138 million with a 10% annualized return. That ain't that tough when you break it down, is it? It's like, yeah— over 20 years, it's like, did I invest 48 million dollars? Like, yeah, hopefully. Yeah, hopefully. But it's like, again, really think about that. It's like, that's a huge number. That's a very daunting number. Don't think like that. Just think: 200 K a month. 200 K a month makes it extremely realistic. That's all I got to do. Back to the stair analogy. All I got to do, I'm starting in the middle here. I got stairs in every direction. I could go any way possible. I maintain a direction over a broad duration of time, and all of a sudden I'm there. That's the power of time. That's the power of thinking with the grand vision. The grand vision allows you to think with things that are fucking huge. Like massive. Okay, like I'll give you a great example. When I think of my family, I think of having five kids. I think of having like a mansion somewhere in Coral Gables. Okay, and let me just break that down, just as an example, right? So it's like five kids. They each per year are going to have 40k a year in school. Hang on one second. Let me answer this call real fast. This is my friend Descon. Hello? Thank you for making it. Yeah, you can let them up. Just tell them to put it in the elevator foyer, please. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Okay, sorry about that. So I mean, five kids, that's 40K a year in school. Who fucking knows how much in like clothes and shit. I'm a very materialistic person. So my kids are going to ball the fuck out too. That'll cost a lot, simply put. Okay. In terms of kids, it's like, I can't just pop out five kids a year unless I'm like. I don't know, one of those NFL players that just fucking 12 baby moms at the same time. You know, it's not going to happen that way. I don't even want that kind of life, in terms of my grand vision. So it's very clear it's going to be with one woman. Now, hear me out, right? It's like... I just told you guys. I was in a long-term relationship that ended. And now I'm in a new relationship. I'm not going to have kids in 2026. I've got to develop the relationship. So in terms of grand vision and just thinking with five kids, I have to break it down to, well, what's required in 2026? Okay. What's required in 2026 is develop the relationship further with potentially the woman I'm going to do. You understand? It makes the 2026 goal extremely obvious in that example. I'm going to be very intentional about nurturing that relationship throughout 2026. As a result of breaking down the grand vision. But back to my point from the financial perspective, where the fuck are these five kids going to live? Okay, where are they going to go? So there is a specific neighborhood that I absolutely love. It's in this little area in Coral Gables and this specific area is one called Cocoa Plum. And there's one called the Gable Estates. Gable Estates is like much more long-term. It aligns with the Grand Vision. Those houses are like $30 to $50 million. In Cocoa Plum. and in other areas, in that like small little neighborhood. There's houses that generally range from about like $6 million to like $10 million for like a very nice house. That I could realistically put those five kids into and have like a great, great home. Over time, as I get richer, I'll be able to upgrade the home and get bigger houses. But let me be clear when I say this, right? So if I needed, let's just say like a 6 million. To a 10 million dollar home, okay and you start to break down what it actually costs. Let's use the example that we pick an eight million dollar house, just for the sake of math. Okay, if I needed to get a jumbo loan and I needed to put 30 down, 30 down is $2. 4 million dollar down payment. Okay, if I only put 10% down, 10% down is obviously $800,000. Okay, if I put $800,000 down, the monthly mortgage, property tax, and insurance comes out to about $90,000. If I put $2. 4 million down, the monthly payment goes down to about $50,000 to $60,000 a month with all those same things factored in. So then again, let me break this down for you guys, right? So if I'm thinking in terms of my grand vision and having five kids, okay? And I think you got to really put a timeline on the grand vision as well. Let's just say the grand vision for me is around that age of 45. Okay. It'll get bigger, no doubt. But like 45 grand vision to have a hundred plus million dollars. I'm going to think with that. Okay. Realistically, what would make the most sense is to put somewhere between like 20 and 30% down on the house, which would require me to accumulate that amount. Which by the way, I'm already $900,000 into accumulating that amount. Okay. And then it would require me to post my 2025 taxes because 2025, I balled the fuck out. I made a lot of money. And as a result of making a lot of money, my taxes look better, which means I'll have even better terms that are more favorable for getting approved on said house. I can realistically acquire that house in 2026. So think about this in terms of acquiring something for the grand vision. It's like, it might seem random to just say, 'Oh, I'm going to get a house in 2026.' But in reality, it's a step towards the grand vision. You understand? So then it easily works its way into the plan. The other clear thing that's obvious is I'm not there quite yet. 2026. I need to accumulate. I'm just going to be safe and say the $2. 4 million for the down payment. Okay, and again, going into 2026. Where do you have $900,000? towards that goal. Okay. So we're already ripping. We're already doing good. Here's the point I'm trying to make. As soon as I do that, and as soon as my taxes post for 2025, I can easily go and get that mortgage approved and get that said house. Okay, and then that checks the box on one of the things that relates to the five kids. You understand? So it's like grand vision. Determines what I do in 2026 is my point. A grand vision determines, for example, all right, here's how much I need to make in order to throw it into this, in order to throw it into that. Here's what I need to do in 2026 in order to check the boxes on these specific handful of many things that I want to do. You understand how obvious it is when you do goal planning from the grand vision perspective? So the first step to be clear is you define the grand vision. Okay. And you try to get a loose idea of, like, how you picture life in a specific time frame. Once we get that vision, and you got to remember. It's not going to be clear as day. Yeah, like, I don't know the names of these five little fuckers. You know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if they're going to wear like little Dior outfits. Like I don't fucking know. You know, I don't know what sports they're going to want to play. I don't even know if they're going to all want to go to private school. I don't fucking know. Right? I have no clue. I don't even, dude, I don't even know if I got the fucking girl for it yet. You know, I have no idea. Here's what I do know. I got some of the pieces. To like put together in 2026 that can help me step towards that specific set of outcomes as a great example. Here's one thing I also know. And this is also really important you understand this. Like, let's use the example of that. You wanted to do something like exit a company. Like you wanted to sell it for a lump sum and that lump sum is like X, whatever that dollar value might be. That's another great example of something that's super easy to break down into goal math for 2026. You're likely going to need a certain churn rate. You're likely going to need a certain amount of customers and growth month over month to achieve a particular multiple. Right. And those specific variables— reducing churn to a certain level and increasing your overall customer acquisition month over month— to achieve a certain month over month growth rate. Those are easy numbers to be able to think with that you can then turn into a 2026 plan. You seguramente... If the grand vision requires you, it's like, I'll give you a perfect example, right? When I say something just as simple as charitable, okay? Let's use this little charitable one. Here's another example. So at the end of 2025, here on December 20th, all of you are invited, by the way, if you'd like to come. I'm doing a toy drive. And on December 20th, right in the office, 1:30 to 4:30 in the afternoon, we're just giving away a fuckload of toys. We've already started the toy pile. We had a few people drop off some toys yesterday, which was great. I'm going to go spend like 10 grand, probably get like a thousand toys. And we're gonna we have a bunch of rich people from all over the earth that are already starting to donate. And give some toys. And we'll print it off hundreds of flyers. We're going to go hand them out later today. And we're going to get some local families who need some toys. And long story short, I hate homeless people. I have nothing in any way, shape or form against parents that have kids that need better opportunity. I'll help the fuck out of those people. I'd love to do that. In addition to that, that requires me to do a few things. It requires me to do things. Like start a foundation. That requires me to consider, like, what's the name of the foundation going to be? That requires me to do things like: How much money and time do I want to put into like that specific effort of charitable contribution? Right and again, in terms of 2026, it's also very easy for me to lay out, like, okay. Besides Christmas, this next year, and doing a toy drive, I could also do things like school supply giveaways. I think, in addition to that, I'm going to try to volunteer at least two different schools or some place where I can get in front of like teenage kids. My ideal outcome with that is I want to teach them about how important money is. And I want to show them, like, modern ways. I want to be able to give, like, a charitable contribution to these kids somehow with the education and frame that I think is necessary to be like hyper successful. That's one thing I can picture in my grand vision. So here's my point. The main thing that I'm trying to make clear to you is the grand vision determines every single thing that I do inside of 2026. There's nothing else that impedes me. In my 2026 plan. It is all foundationally based on taking steps on the stairs in the direction of my grand vision. Do you understand? Put a one in the chat if you understand what I'm saying. Unmute yourself if you have questions on anything I've talked about up to this point. Ask away, drop it in the chat if you prefer. Anybody have comments on this as well? Something that you like to do during your goal planning that you want to add to this? Okay, very good. So I assume that means you're all crystal fucking clear on how this works. Okay, let's recap it real quick. You can start technically from any point here. What I generally like to prefer in terms of my like reflection— as I always go— what were the successful actions I did in 2026? I like to categorize. Here's some revenue drivers. Here's some stuff that expanded our potential. Here's some stuff that saved time really well. Here's something that added to my peace, made me feel more purpose-driven, added to like my spirituality. Here's something that expanded my network, specifically, and like added value to my life in terms of people, right? Places that I went to, things like this. In terms of my 2026 plan, what I then do is I look at this list and I consider what should I amplify? What is clear as fucking day that I should amplify? Is there anything specific that's holding back the amplification that I would need to move out of the way or just fucking? Burrow through. Okay. What do I need to do? After I get my amplification list, I then go back to 2025 and I think, what were the unsuccessful actions of 2025? What were the things that I've habitualized or just done in 2025 as one-off actions? Both of those things matter because obviously I don't want to do the one-off actions again. But the things that I've repetitively done, I've habitualized. And the things that I've habitualized are the things that I need to intentionally consider cutting out in 2026. Okay. And then when I get to this point, I kind of feel like I'm in the weeds. And I go big again. And then I work through my grand vision. I remind myself, like, all right, so let's just finalize this whole plan. But before we do, we need to consider all of it. We need to consider every fucking bit of this vision and what it looks like and how it's going to be and how it is and what specifically I need to do to accomplish it. And usually that then correlates in the most obvious fucking way possible to what I need to do in 2026. It becomes super obvious. Like the clouds open up as soon as I think of the grand vision and I'm like, 'Bingo.' I know exactly what the fuck to put time and attention into in 2026. And that makes my plan. Just. The easiest, most effortless thing to write down. And I feel locked in and ready to go. And then I get into action. And I want to be really direct. I'm not doing this on December 31st with you guys. I'm not doing this on December 30th. I'm doing this right now at the beginning of the month. You know why? Because this is a way that you consistently think and hold yourself accountable throughout the year as well. This is something that you should be able to reflect on monthly. Okay. JC. Hit the people with the flex and show them real quick. Show the people. Show the people. Look at JC. JC. Has fucking JC told the people how many fucking plates you're putting on that squat rack and on that bench nowadays? We got, what, five and a half on bench and then squat seven, deadlift seven. So this fucker's putting five. Five 45-pound plates and a half— this means another 25-pound plate on each side of the fucking bench bar and just benching okay. Imagine how retarded it would be if he only measured himself on an annual basis. I bet. JC, how often do you do blood work? Uh, once every three to four months. So once a quarter, this fucker does blood work. Okay. Absolutely juiced. Literally the incredible Hulk. Okay. If you guys see JC in real life, I've been on the cover of Men's Health. Is it only twice or has it been more than that now? Yeah, we got a national cover in America of muscle and fitness about to come out. I actually just shot with CT Fletcher and he had to get 200-pound dumbbells for another gym for me to be able to actually lift in his content. It was kind of sick. The video will be out in like a month. CT Fletcher fucks, dude. Congratulations. Look, my point is, it's like, dude, you measure everything. Like me hiring my trainer, this fucker weighs every single thing that goes into my body. Okay, actively measures all of it. We do blood work on an every two month basis now to ensure that we're dialed the fuck in and need to adjust supplementation and or drugs. OK, it's like the measurement is what everybody who's just thick and juicy does. They're consistent. OK, they're consistent in their measurement. You guys are generally all consistent in your measurement of the financial progress that you make throughout the year. And you do so in a very like unintentional way. What I would also encourage every single person does here: with the accountability of your 2026 planning, I would encourage that you take out your phone because you all operate on your schedules. Okay. And I would encourage that you actively schedule out a bi-weekly progress measurement on these specific things. That way you can reflect and make far more progress in real time. Because here's the most important thing to all of this. The self-awareness as to whether you're doing the right or wrong thing in real time is what's going to determine whether you're directionally heading the right way. One of the saddest things that I think generally happens to people is that they head a particular direction for a long time and then, all of a sudden, they're deviating from it and they end up in a completely different place in life that they never intended to be. And it generally happens over the course of years and decades. But at the end of the day, in order to truly maintain being on the same path that you genuinely want to be on. I think the self-awareness and just a simple exercise that asks yourself. Am I on the right path? I think that that specific self-awareness exercise. will determine. a lot more progress for you or not throughout the year of 2026. Like a lot of you guys just don't intentionally think of this stuff nearly as much as you should. You need to consider it like the example I provided with JC. JC looks and is the incredible Hulk because of the amount of times that he measures himself and course corrects. okay how the is this guy think about this guys he's just a human being like you or not How has he progressed to the point of lifting that heavy? By the way, he's not doing like one rep like those freakish people you see on reels occasionally that bodybuild. No, bro, this fucker's repping this shit. Like if you see a JC video of him repping that amount of weight, he could stack like multiple of us together and just rep it, dude. It's insane. You don't get there by accident. A lot of people on the way there get injured. Okay. A lot of people on the way there. Deviate from how they thought it was going to be, you know. This man intentionally created that outcome for himself over a broad duration of consistent accountability and action. Okay, that's how you get wealthy. Dude. That's how you stop just bopping around at whatever the fucking revenue number's at, that you barely got to this year. You want to blow past these fucking numbers. And that comes from a perspective of accountability. Okay. And accountability. You need to have self-accountability in that regard. You need to be self-reliant when it comes to accountability. I'll absolutely check the fuck out of you. I fully understand that's something that you want me to do and I'll help you do that. But I also want you to understand self-accountability comes from something as simple as just scheduling the opportunity to hold yourself accountable. Really think about that. You schedule everything else. Why wouldn't you schedule self-accountability? You know, there was, again, not to get super religious here, this book that my girl gave me. It's these things called devotions. It's just like a little simple paragraph that you read every day. And the one that I read today was very interesting. It just essentially said, 'Be intentional.' And I think that's a simple lesson I want to pass down to all of you today. A lot of people just float through the year. And they're not really as intentional as they otherwise could be. Okay. Truly think about this last thing with me real quick before we go. If there was, like, a linchpin—like, a little thing that holds everything else together for you being possible. In terms of a trait that you want to behave with throughout this next year, what would that trait be? There was one trait or characteristic—something that could make all the difference for you. What would it be? And what I want you to think with, for whatever that trait is that you wrote down, I just want you to try. 'Yes, very intentional. About behaving with that characteristic over these coming months until it becomes a normal part of your behavior and belief system.' Again, for some of you, it might be as simple as high standards. For some of you, the word might literally just be being intentional. Sometimes it's the word 'accountable.' Sometimes it's the word 'intolerable.' Sometimes it's something like 'focus' or 'determination.' Right, whatever it is, you need to be aggressively intentional about it being a part of your life, routine, and thinking over these coming months. Görüştü. Put ones in the chat if you're feeling me and you're ready to fucking kick the fuck out of 2026, dude. I need you guys going into the new year strong. Think about this, guys. We're giving out eight $1 million a month trophies so far. There's probably more of you. At the Q1 mastermind to start 2026, eight, okay? The most we've ever given out has been five. And by the way, that was at the Q4 mastermind, the one right before this. OK, the quantity of you that are increasing your revenue and going from wherever you're at to the million dollar months and those of you aggressively working towards five million dollar months now. You are in the best possible place to amplify the fuck out of your revenue, your quality of life, your existence, okay? And you are around people that are just like you. One of the other most important things that I would consider, from a perspective of relationships, when we talked about this in terms of your network, is that you have no fucking clue. How valuable you can all be to one another. Until you start happening to one another. Some of you, the saddest thing to see is that you operate in isolation in this group. I can't put to words how inspiring it is, as the leader of the group, to be connected to all you at once. You guys make me feel like I got like some kind of fucking like nuclear power inside of me. Watching all of you at once. Being intimately connected to all of you at once, helping all of you amplify at once. And it's the power is there for you to take advantage of as well. I can't stress that enough. Sometimes you hear these stories from people who have hit these larger goals when they get on stage and talk and they just say something, usually in. Very simple way of saying it like. Oh. You know, I just felt like a pussy or I felt retarded is sometimes what they say. And then they go home and they. Make an aggressive amount of money in a short duration of time. It's an example of what network can do, guys. Like you're around people that are walking like six flights of stairs with one step sometimes. You're around people who are accomplishing some of the hardest possible things to accomplish on earth. And you've all made it a routine. You've all done it consistently. You all expose one another to it. I truly can't put to words how important it is to tap into that much more aggressively than what you likely are now in 2026 too. You need to lean into a power network, dude. It's a big difference between the people that you've likely accumulated in your life and people like this. This is a power network, dog. This is it. I'll tell you that point, Blake. This is it. This is a special thing you guys got access to, man. So again, really think about all the things that can also. Fuel you to like, reinforce the reality back to you. That you're doing the right things as you go. The last thing I'm going to close out with is this. You need a reward and punishment system. You have to have something that you consistently do after you've managed to strive in the progress, okay, that you reward yourself with. And you also have to have something you punish yourself with if you don't. Here's a great example. I'll give you a good one from 2023 that I used when I was learning trading. So I would go and I would trade and I would trade the futures market. And. It's really simple to articulate, okay? You're either in control of yourself or you're not. A lot of the time, the strategy is easy. But controlling your emotions is hard. When I would fail to control my emotions, I would go out in my yard, I'd put a pair of cleats on, and I would do sprints in my front yard. I would jump in a cold plunge the other half of the time. That was my punishment for my lack of discipline. Which, as you guys can imagine, are both still very positive things to punish yourself with. Sprints in a cold plunge. My positive rewards were things like going to a restaurant that I made into a special place. Like for me, that's La Atelier. It's a two-star Michelin restaurant over in the design district. It's my favorite place to reward myself when it comes to food. Sometimes rewards can be awesome shit. Like super sick watches. Right? They don't need to be $400,000. But it can be something that you genuinely like. It makes you feel rewarded. Sometimes it could just be something simple like buying yourself something you like. You know? Everything that you buy. That's significant, should have meaning attributed to it. Like Margarita, imagine every Chanel bag you buy. Has some kind of reward behind it for something you managed to accomplish. All right, or JC, Adam, imagine you guys buy like some new weights for your gym and like you bought it specifically because of something you managed to accomplish. And now every time you go hit those weights, that was a fucking reward to buy that specific set of gym equipment. You know? Or like for me. I'll give you a great one. I take a super mid-plane when I fly private. If it's a reward. I take a mid-sized plane. If it's just a time savings thing and I don't want to spend the extra cash. I only spend the extra cash when I did something to accomplish it. Just little things, maybe the tiniest little things. But the reward and punishment matrix that you have for yourself. I promise you this. It's what will wire the behavior to be easier to repeat. And/ or easier to avoid. I'm sorry, I already meant to close out, but I just thought of one other great thing. Emotion. You know, just yesterday. We have this guy. I want to vlog it really bad. I think it'd be such a fucking great vlog. This guy, uh... It's Art Basel here in Miami. And obviously our office is in Wynwood. And so people come over and they paint the walls. Well, I spent $40,000 on my wolf, my shark wolf. I don't want anybody painting on my walls. So I hired security to be there from 3 p. m. to 5 a. m. every day. Throughout this weekend. And it started earlier this week. And thank the Lord I did. Because there's this guy. Thank you. Super fucking annoying and entitled, apparently, he had two self-portraits on my building which I painted over. He was all mad about it. And he wanted to go paint this building next to us. I didn't give a shit he was going to paint that building. I had my security tell him, because I'm not going to talk to the guy. I had my security tell him, I was like, 'He's welcome to paint that building over there. Just don't get any paint on my car. And do not get any paint on my building. Just like figure out a way to avoid that.' This guy started throwing a fit. Started just throwing a fucking fit. Just like, no— just tell him to move his car. My security told him to fuck himself. They were like, 'Dog, are you retarded?' Like this, you don't pay money to be here. Like we— this is our business. You can fuck yourself. Anyway, this guy's getting all pissy, right? This guy has a set of people that come over and check every night, every 30 minutes, if my security is still there or not. So he could come and like do who knows what. But my security, like, they're great. They're great. They're about the action. This guy fills me with an immortal level of rage, dude, like an unbelievable level of rage. I can't tell you the things that normal Jeremy would do in this situation when a guy like this approaches my life. I would press the red button. I have his phone number. I have all his information. I can grab his address off of white pages. I can delete them off the face of the earth. There's a lot of stuff and I'm going to talk about killing him. I'm talking like I can get rid of all social media and stuff like that. That's what I mean by 'delete him off the face of the earth.' Point. I'm trying to make. That's what that's what that's like a version of me but instead— All the rage that fills me when I think about this dumb fuck. I just go over to the gym. And I turn it into. I turn it into like my new physique, you know, I just like chisel myself out of wearing my stress day by day. And I turned myself into a better me. And I'm going to tell you this point blank, okay? In 2026, one example of something that I really look forward to carrying into the year is something that I've already learned years ago. Which is taking something that's been like a multi-year pattern and carrying it through into the next year. Something that you just want to have baseline consistency in. And for me, that's emotion. I found such a tremendous value in emotion. and taking something like that in that example, it's like a rage emotion and using it. For an incredible physical workout. But the other thing is also true, guys. Like sometimes you'll feel like very inspired to do stuff or like very like locked in, you know, like whatever emotional states you find you're most commonly exposed to. And I would encourage that in 2026, if you really want to add a lot of value to your drive and your action that you feel. To expose yourself to more emotional states and learn to strategically direct those emotions into different actions that you'll take much more aggressively, and you'll be much more intentional and thorough about, because there's like an emotional backing. Consider that emotion as one of those incredible drivers. It's an amplifier in itself. And I know it might sound silly or something that you might not consider to be the smartest thing to do, but I would actually encourage you to be a little bit more emotional in 2026. Because one thing that I learned in 2025 was the strategic use of emotion was one of the things when I look back on it. That got me like a lot of results, dude. Okay, very good. Great talking with you all. Excited to see what you do with all this. Fucking kick the shit out of 2026. Let me know your plans. Follow up with questions if you have any. Bye.