124 - DOUBLE Sales Without Being Salesy - YouTube.mp4
So how do you close more sales without coming across salesy? First of all, go down to the bottom of this video, hit the subscribe button. That's probably important for you. Hit the subscribe button and to the right of that or maybe the left—I don't know— somewhere in there, there's like a little bell that's your notifications button. Hit the notifications button as well so you get notified by YouTube every time I post a new training video, which I typically do two to four times a week. Week, all right? Traditional selling techniques or maybe even repackaged consultative selling techniques cause salespeople... To have to play the numbers game because they work against human behavior, okay? Those techniques are designed to do what? To push the prospect forward rather than the prospect to pull you in.
It's a big difference in commissions. Now those techniques revolve around going through the numbers, you gotta call the numbers, you gotta call, you gotta get as many no's as you can to get the yes, to make a sale. However, ask yourself, when you go in for the close or the sale, are you following the ABCs of closing? The always be closing, here's the fact. Old school closing techniques do nothing more than put external sales pressure on your business. Your prospects? And how do you feel when a salesperson is trying to pressure and close you? Do you feel the sales pressure yourself? You bet you do. So if you feel that pressure yourself when you're going through a sales presentation or somebody's trying to close you, don't you think your prospect is feeling exactly what you're feeling inside too?
They feel like they are being closed and chased by you. And what do most people do? When they feel chased? Well, you know, they run, right? They naturally want to move away from that external sales pressure and that pressure. Is coming from you. Now look, it's not your fault. You were forced to learn those types of closing techniques that work against human behavior. So I'm going to show you. A different approach that actually works with human behavior, that gets your prospects to pull you in. Because I want you to go back here. What exactly do you do when you feel pressure from a salesperson? What do you do? You do one of these two things, all right? So first of all, it triggers what is called 'fight' or 'flight' mode.
And I'm going to explain the difference here in this video for you, all right? 'Fight or flight' mode. So when a salesperson tries to... You down and you feel that external pressure, you do one of these two things on the board. First of all, some of you that typically have more A-type personalities, like get to the point type of people, like very business oriented, usually it triggers fight mode in you, in your brain, okay, subconsciously. What do you do? You get defensive. Hey, can you just tell me how much it's gonna be? Like, hey, just get to the point. Like, I don't have time for this. Like, what's it gonna cost me? You do what? Abstract objections and you try to get rid of them. Okay.
That is because those closing techniques or whatever they were saying that. Flight mode in you triggered you to react this way. So think about yourself when you're selling. And a prospect does that to you. What you just said or what type of closing technique you used triggered fight mode, okay? Now, if you're a different type of personality, more of a passive personality, typically when a salesperson goes in and externally tries to put sales pressure on you, it triggers what is called... flight mode. Ah, now it's starting to make sense to you, isn't it? All right. You say, 'Oh, this looks really good.' James. Like, I love this. Like, I'm so interested. I'm in, but you know, my aunt is coming over right now. So I'm interested.
Can you email me some information? I'll get back to you in a week, a month, a year later. But don't worry, I'm in— I love this. And the salesperson emails the information, you email that to them. And then you don't hear back. You call. And they don't answer. You leave a voicemail. They never respond. You call 12 times in the next two weeks. You text them. You email them. And they go in. MIA. They go into witness protection mode. That's because your closing techniques, or something you said in that sales process or conversation, triggered. Flight mode with that type of personality. You see the difference now? Ah, it's starting to make sense to you, isn't it? So, if you react to salespeople in general who try to close you, to try to externally pressure you with old-school closing techniques.
Thank you. How do you think your prospects are going to react to you when you pretty much use the same techniques to try and close them? Ah, caught your attention, didn't I? Today, here's what we're going to do. We're going to learn how to avoid the push-pull dynamic. That often develops between you and your prospects— you talk to every day. All right, now let's come back here. Let's talk about the old sales adage of 'you should always Always be following the ABCs of closing,' right? Everybody's heard this. We've seen the show with Alec Baldwin. He's like, 'Put that coffee down. Coffee's for closers.' Oh, the ABCs of closing. This is undoubtedly one of the very first things you are forced to learn as a salesperson from what we call the old sales.
sales gurus. Now, the question is, does it really work that well with today's information-aged buyer? You get to the end of the... and you ask, 'Do you want the red one or the green one?' The option closed. Why don't you give it a try, Cindy? The invitation will close. Okay, I'll go ahead and schedule this. I'll schedule this. It sounds like you really want this. You're interested. Do you want to take the delivery a Tuesday afternoon or Wednesday morning? More of an assumptive close. Are we going to do the contract in your name? or the company's name? The choice is yours. If I could show you the very best XYZ, would you want to see that, or would you be interested? The demonstration clothes.
When you use the words, if I could show you— who does the focus immediately go to? It of course goes to you. And now you've put yourself in a position, you've lowered your status in their brain. And you put yourself in a position to now have to try to prove logically to your prospect that your solution is the right fit for them. And do human beings make... decisions on logic or emotion? Well, brain studies prove 100%. There's no debate in behavioral science. It's 100% emotion, okay? So this is when most salespeople rely on statistics and facts and features to back up their claims. But once again, whose opinion is this coming from? Yours? You're probably biased, right? You're the salesperson trying to close them to make a commission and your prospect knows that you are biased.
So you trigger more sales resistance. Keep in mind. That every other salesperson that has ever tried to sell them something is also telling them the same thing, that they're the best, that they've got the best quality. Best customer service, the best owners, the best company, the best guarantees, the blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Can you see how your prospects are used to having every salesperson that's ever tried to sell them something claim that their product is the best? How many sales people say that? Oh yeah, John. We've got the fifth best product in the market. No, does, right? They all say they have the best. So it's no wonder that your prospects have become desensitized to hearing those kind of statements from salespeople and companies. So we're going to stop trying to manipulate them.
It doesn't work that well. That's what average salespeople do in 2022. People want to know they are respected. Today's consumer doesn't want to be talked at and pitched and sold to. That's what average people do. They want to be asked, heard, but most importantly, understood by you. Write that down. So if we think... And I know it's not your fault. It's not your fault you were forced this methodology in your mind. But we're forced to think that closing sales, that we have to be aggressive. and pushy. And if we keep using those types of old-school closing techniques that have been around since the stone ages of selling, guess what? You're losing. Sales and tens of thousands of dollars every single month that you could be making that our clients make who sell.
What you are watching me right now, who are in the same industry you're in, okay? I would also suggest that selling can be so much more profitable for you. More fulfilling for you and most importantly, your prospects, by changing the way you close to get them to pull you in. I'm going to give you several examples here on the whiteboard right after. Now, in the new model of selling, we call that NEPQ or neural emotional persuasion questioning. The salesperson does not even use the term closing. We don't like that. It has a negative stigma, and it can be dehumanizing toward your prospects. Now, do you think that the mentality of... I'm going in for the close. I'm just closing, closing, closing. That mentality comes through when you're talking with your prospects.
It comes through in your tonality. It comes through in the body language that you're using with your prospects. Top 1% earning salespeople prefer to use the word 'committing' or 'commitment', never 'closing'. It's a commitment to take the next step and purchase what you're offering. So they can get their problem solved and get the results they want. We're getting them to commit to changing their situation. So it's absolutely crucial that... you remember that committing or what traditional selling refers to as closing is really only about 5% of your entire sales process. Now, why is that? Because most salespeople try to close about 30% of their sales process, just what the data shows. Because the sale is not made at the end with saying, 'you want the red one or the blue one?' or do you want to take delivery tomorrow or the next day?
That's not where they decide. The sale was already made in your prospect's mind during what we call the engagement. Process as you build a gap in their mind from where they are, we call that their current state, compared to where they want to be. We call that their objective state. Now, what's the gap? In between? The gap in between is only determined by the amount of skilled questions you're able to ask them to get them to open up, to go below the... surface to tell themselves and you what their real problems are. We call those NEPQ questions, neuroemotional persuasion questions, and we have to use the right tonality. In their mind, once you're able to help them see that massive gap in their mind from where they are compared to where they want to be, they now view you as what?
They now view you as more of, and let me erase this for a second here— they now view you more as the trusted, not even the trusted advisor. Let's go a different level, okay? Trusted advisors, just, yeah, everybody's a trusted advisor. We're the trusted authority. Okay. Your, they start to view you as a trusted authority or the trusted expert who's going to get them the results they want. Throw money at you and pay you way more than your competitors because they feel like you understand their situation far more and can get them the results they want. So at this point in the sales process, the commitment to move forward is a very natural step. So after you have repeated to them what they told you they were looking for and how your solution can actually help them.
So a commitment can take one of two forms, all right? So number one, a commitment to take a series of like, let's say small— smaller or intermediate steps that lead to the bigger step of purchasing your solution, okay? So let's say if you're in a more of a B2B complex selling environment. You might have a first call discovery call with a C-level executive. The second call might be that same C-level executive. Maybe they're an influencer plus a department head. The third one then might be a demo with a couple of other department heads and other influencers. And then the fourth conversation could be a proposal. The fifth one could be meet the boardroom. So it's a series of smaller steps. I can't talk today. A series of smaller steps that get them to make smaller steps.
That lead to the big decision of purchasing what you're offering, okay? Or it could be a commitment to just purchase what you're offering there and then. You sold B2C, and it's a one-call close. You're in their home. It's just a one-time conversation and close, or door-to-door, or maybe on Zoom, inbound lead, or outbound lead. It depends on if you're B2C, B2B, or B2B at the end of your sales process. If you've taken them through all those steps, it's then a commitment to purchase what you're offering. So you'll come to a point where you'll need to decide to one of two actions like I just mentioned, okay? So, like I said, you're either You're going to ask for the commitment for them to take the next step to purchase what you're offering so they can solve their problems and get what they want.
Or you'll make a suggestion to take another step. In that engagement process, for them to take a smaller step to move forward to making the final decision. Like I said, once again, it depends on if you sell B to C. Which usually is more of a one or two call close, or if you sell B2B, which could take multiple calls and meetings and could be two to three. Four, maybe even a year cycle. It just depends, okay? Whatever you do, you're asking for a commitment from them to do something next in your process, okay? If you're... prospect needs to take more steps for to make a decision, then this is where you'll selectively use the sales tools that are available for you, okay? You might make a statement and ask one of...
the following questions, okay? If you feel they need more steps before they're gonna purchase your solution, especially if you're in a B2B complex sound environment, okay? So I'm gonna show you this and I'm gonna write it out here on the board for you. Now, I'm going to give you examples of questions to use to get them to make smaller commitments that gets them to the ultimate commitment of making the decision to purchase your product or service. Now, let me preference this. If you're in a B2C environment, that's just a one-call close, you're not going to ask these questions. If you're in a B2C environment where you do a two-call close, this would make sense. If you're in a B2B selling environment that's more complex, and let's say you've got a three, four, five, six, or seven call or meeting close that type of sale.
Okay. Or even it could be a three to six or nine-month sales cycle, then this is what you're going to do. All right. So let me show you the difference here. So John, good first call. Really the next step would be, with your permission, to set up a demo with your department head to go over how we could blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you repeat back what they said they wanted. Okay. Does that make sense? So John, really the next step would be with your... permission. You could even say, with your permission, of course, you're getting them to pull you in. Oh yeah, that would be good. See, I'm doing that with your permission, of course, is we would set up a demo.
With your department head, whoever it was, to go over how the XYZ service could solve your problem, or ABC problem, whatever that is. You're going to make that industry specific depending on what you sell. See, I could do the same thing. Now that would be like if you sold some software. Or something that had to be installed, something like that, then you would probably do some type of demo. Depends on what you sell again. So John, really the next step would be— with your permission— we would put together a proposal of some of the different options that we talked about that would solve the XYZ problems. So that you could, and we repeat back what they said they wanted. See, I'm just, this, the formula is all the same.
You would just use different scenarios depending on what you actually sell. Show you again, John. Really, the next step would be, with your permission, is we would have scheduled a meeting with your board of directors to discuss possible next steps to go over X and Y and Z so that you could A, B, and C. And then, at the end of that, you would say, 'Would that be appropriate?' Or you could say, 'Would that help you?' Or you could say, 'Would that work for you and your board?' Let me go through it again from A to Z. That's the formula. John, really, the next step would be, with your permission, of course, is we would put together a proposal of some of the different...
options that our clients are using that we offer that would solve this problem of X, Y, Z so that you could A, B, and C. Would that help you? That's all you do right there. You want to make your prospect feel that they are part of the process instead of feeling like you're trying to pull the wool over their head. Like most salespeople have been forced to learn, okay, remember, top 1% earning salespeople view selling as collaborative. It's you working with the prospect to help them overcome what's been holding them back from getting what they want. It's you working with the prospect, collaborating with you to help you find and solve problems. Average salespeople view selling as adversarial. You against the prospect trying to win them over so you can make commissions.
So you want to get your potential customers involved in the process so they feel that you were there to help them, not just sell them. There's a massive difference in the earnings you'll make. Now, if you're a sales manager, massive difference in your team's results. If you're a chief sales officer or VP of sales, there's a massive difference in the way your organization will run and revenue you'll generate for the company. If you're the business owner, the CEO, massive difference in the profit margins you will attain. You see how that works. Now, do realize, I'm going to give you this scenario: that different people sometimes move at different speeds, and sometimes it can take smaller steps, but for the final, actually, I don't want to say this. Okay.
Actually, no, I am going to say this. Now realize that different companies you sell to, different people you talk to, sometimes move at different speeds. And sometimes it takes these smaller little steps, these smaller... commitments before they make the final one where they're buying your solution. To keep them involved, you can also ask questions like, what would you like to see next? Now, you can also ask questions that are up here on the board, okay, to see if you and your prospects are on the same page, especially for presenting right before you're going. Into your clothes, all right, if you're at that point in the sales process. Now, these are called checking for agreement questions. They help make sure you know where the prospect prospect's mind is, you know where to go in the sale, okay?
They're used during your presentation as well to hold the attention of your prospect, okay? How does... Does that look so far to you, John? Or would that help you after you go through? Now, one of the biggest problems that people have when they come to us is X, Y, and Z, which causes them to A, B, and C. What's the consequence? So the way we solve that for our clients like you is: we go over the advantages and benefits of how you solve that, and then at the end... that you say, and what that means to you is, and you go over what it means to them. And then at the end, you simply ask, 'How does that look so far? Or would that help you?
Or how do you see that part benefiting you the most through? Or are you with me? Or are we on the same page? Does that make sense? Or what are your thoughts on that so far? Or do you feel comfortable with what we just covered? Okay, those are called checking for a goal. Agreement questions? Or how does that look to you? Or is there anything you'd like to address to me at this point? Now, at this point, after you've gone through the presentation, you're ready to ask some close... closing questions. Remember, we call those commitment questions to get them to take the next step and purchase what you're offering. I'm going to give you here on the board a few commitment questions when we come back, they're going to elevate you to the top 1% of salespeople, earning salespeople in your industry, whereas all the average sales...
People, they're still using the option clothes and the invitational clothes and the Columbo clothes and the puppy dog clothes, the Benjamin Franklin clothes and all those clothes. You don't want to be average like them. You want to be in the top 1% earning salespeople earning hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in commissions, if not more. So I'm going to give you two or three commitments. Questions that get them to commit to take the next step and purchase what you're offering. I want you to hear my tonality and watch my body language when I do that. So John, do you feel... Like this could be the answer for you? Sally, do you feel like this could be the... answer for you? Oh, yeah, I really do. Hold on.
Why do you feel like it is, though? Why do you feel like it is, though? Now, let's analyze what we just talked about. Why would I not say, do you think this could be the answer for you? Because think. It's logical? And do human beings make decisions on logic or emotion? Only emotion, right? So we're going to say, do you feel, do you feel, do you, I'm not doing the tone out of here. Do you feel like this could be the Answer for you. Now, why did I pause? Because when I pause, that triggers their brain to lean in and wait for what I'm about to ask. Or say that triggers them to think deeper about the question I'm asking, all right? If I just said, 'Do you feel like this could be the answer for you?
Yes, no, yes or no, right?' Do you feel like this could be the... answer for you? Do you feel like this could be the answer for you? Now, most of your prospects, once you learn NPQ, because you build this massive gap in their mind from where they are compared to where they want to be, 95% are going to say, 'Yes, I do.' Or they're going to say, 'Yes, I do, but, and then they're going to tell you their concern. And that's important because you want to know. The real concern right there. They'll say, 'Yes, I really like it, but we don't have the money.' Yeah, I really like it, but my boss isn't quite sure. Like they're going to give you a but.
And then you're going to say, 'Well, money aside, or your boss aside, why do you feel like it is, though?' Now, that's called an NAPQ probing question. Well, the reason why I feel like it is is because of... X and Y and Z and they start to tell themselves why they feel it's what they're looking for. Now, the second commitment question you're gonna ask right after that is, 'Why do you feel like it is, though?' because of this, because of this, because of this, and I want a double commitment. Well, I mean, do you feel like this is something that you can, it depends on what you sell, could be have, do. Use, just give me an example.
Do you feel like this is something that you can do that's going to get you where you're wanting to go? Do you feel like this is something that you guys can have? Have that's going to get you and your company where it wants to be? Do you feel like this is something that you guys can use that's going to get you and then repeat back the result? They want. All right. So it depends on what you sell right there. Then you're going to proceed with your third commitment question in the sequence, something like this. And sometimes it's tweak depending on what you sell B2C, B2B. So I'm going to show you a few examples. Well, John, I don't really have anything else to go over with you.
It looks like we covered the basis of what you were looking for in X, Y. Y, and Z. Really, the next step would be to make an arrangement for your part. You're going to repeat back what they're buying, whatever that is. You can do, you know, wire, card. We can send you an invoice. However, you, you know, take payment. Depends on if you sell B2B or B2C. And at that point, we will, then you tell them the next step after they purchase, we onboard you, we meet with you to do X and B and Y, whatever it is. And then, at the end of that, you say, would that be appropriate? Or how would you like to proceed from here? Now you can do one of two things.
You can say, 'Would that be appropriate?' We train people to do that in some industries. Some industries would say, 'Would that be appropriate' or 'How would you like to proceed from here?' Okay, I typically like just, 'Would that be appropriate?' and it's either a yes, or a no. But well, we like it. And then they tell you a concern. This is also a very powerful, committing question to use at the end that shows it. That you respect them and what they want to do. Would that be appropriate or how do you want to proceed from here? I like, would that be appropriate the most, okay? And it's important to remember that... that they've already persuaded themselves during the engagement stage of the sales process, if you've done it correctly.
So logically, when you ask those type of questions, most of the time they're going to say, yeah, that would be appropriate. Or what do I need to do here? What do I need to do to purchase? Or who do we need to send this to? Or they're going to say, well, I like this, but... They're going to have a question or maybe a concern that you're then there, whether it's on Zoom or whether it's in person, in a home or in a boardroom meeting, depends on what you sell, and you're able to help them overcome it. And that... is your tip for the day. Now, if you're wanting to learn how to sell more of your products and services than you are now, join our free Facebook group.
Go to www. dot sales revolution dot pro. We should have a link on here somewhere. Sales revolution dot pro. Right when you join the sales revolution dot pro Facebook group because we've got thousands of entrepreneurs and there are thousands of salespeople like you, thousands of coaches, consultants, executives in there that want to sell more. Right when you join. Check your DMs because we're going to message you. Some of my team's going to message you a free training called the NAPQ 101 mini course. It's going to give you a list of different questions and phrases you can use. Any sales situation, that alone is going to help you sell more than what you're doing now. And we go live in the Facebook group about three to four times a week with different subject matter. Trainings, different Q and A's, different client interviews that will also help you sell more. Join the Facebook group, salesrevolution. pro. See you there.