23 - 10 Minute Training to Crush Any Price Objection - YouTube.mp4
All right, in this training, I'm going to go over how to respond if your prospect says, 'Hey, can you give me a discount or can you give me a cheaper price?' This is something that you don't have to do once you learn how to take them out of price or cost-based thinking into results-based thinking. Now, as you really start to commit to mastering this, and this is why you're here, right? This you should hardly ever get. I can tell you in my 18-year sales career before I started this company, okay, when I was a salesperson like you in the trenches, I rarely got this and I sold in four completely different industries because I knew how to immediately, from the start of that conversation to the end, deliver results.
Take them at a price or cost-based thinking where they're only focused on the end result. And now the price or cost doesn't really matter. Okay. They'll pay way more because they feel like you can get them a much better result. Okay, so the first thing you can do is do this. Hey, can you give me a cheaper price on this? Well, I mean it depends on you. You must have asked me that for a reason, so you're not gonna answer that— don't say yes or no. Just say, 'Well...' Now, you must have asked me that for a reason, though. Yes, the reason why I asked you was, or I could say this, well, I guess it depends. And you must have asked me that for a reason. Like, what's going on?
Notice how my tone gets soft. Concerned tone, okay? Let's say they come back and they say, 'Well, we talked with a competitor of yours and they offered it for 8% less or 10% less.' OK, now you know what they mean by 'they want a cheaper price because they're talking with somebody else.' For other people, it could be they could say, 'We don't have the money for it.' Or, you know, we don't have the money till next week. I mean, there's different reasons why they might ask you that question. So you need to find out what's behind. Them asking that question first before you start to deframe them and reframe them into a new frame results-based thinking, okay? Let's say that they said, 'Oh, X, Y, Z.' The company offered it for 10% less.
Oh yeah. What specifically did they offer you? Now, why would I want to ask that question in that scenario? Because I, they might've offered them something. Maybe it's a the same thing that you do, but it has less service options, or maybe it has the quality of the products really really bad, like they're cheap, cheap windows. If you sell home improvement like windows and you know they'll have to replace them in half the time of yours. I mean, you just got to find out what they actually offer them. Oh, what specifically did they offer you? I mean, if you really thought about what did they offer you? And if they come back and say, well, you know, I'm not really sure. Well, if you really thought about what did they actually offer you?
Now, a lot of times, the reason why I ask that question is you gotta realize a lot of your prospects will actually lie to you, okay? Now, why do they lie? Because they don't trust you. And that is an upstream issue. You've got to work on from the start of that conversation. There's things you're saying or not asking, or how you're using your tone, that's triggering them not to trust you. Sometimes prospects will just lie to you and tell you that they found it cheaper somewhere else. But how do you know they did? Okay. So here's a way you can do that. Okay. So if I find out what specifically they got offered, and they can't really tell me it's kind of a red flag.
Now, if I probe and clarify, and they still can't tell me it's a really red flag. Okay. Uh, because. You don't want, you want to make sure that you just don't lower it because they might be making it up. Okay. Now I might come back and say this. Okay. They said, 'Oh, they offered us this.' They offered that. Then we say, 'Yeah, I mean, they're.' They're a fairly... decent company. I mean, it just depends on the results you're looking for. Then you're going to stop. And they're always going to say, 'Well, what do you mean?' 'Yeah, I mean, they're a fairly, now if it's a product or service, it's a fairly decent service. It really all depends on like the result you're looking for.
For and just stop because always say 'Well, what do you mean and then you say, 'I guess what I'm meaning is—what's the cheapest price, the most important thing to you? We're actually getting X, Y, Z result.' And you're going to repeat back the result they said they wanted. Now notice I said 'the cheapest price.' I don't say just the price, I say 'the cheapest,' okay? Does 'cheapest' sound like a good thing? So is the cheapest price? the most important thing to you or getting X, Y, Z results. See how my tone makes that sound? Like it's going to break, like it's going to be horrible, like it's cheap. Nobody. Like something that's cheap, so you use the word 'is the cheapest but you can't say 'so is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or getting XYZ result that will not do anything because your tone sounded monotone.
Now let me give you a few industry-specific examples so you can see the frame of this. Yeah, can you give me it? Price. Well, it really depends now. You must have asked me that for a reason. Well, yeah, because of this. Was it? So is the cheapest price. The most important thing to you or actually getting like higher quality leads you can scale to 12 million dollars a month, let's say if I'm a marketing agency and the company I'm talking to. They feel like they need better marketing or better lead generation or better branding so they can scale. And they told me they want to scale to $12 million a month. And let's say they're only $8 million a month. So see what I'm doing.
I'm taking them out of the frame of. price or cost-based thinking, and I'm starting to reframe them into what? results-based thinking, a new frame or a new belief system. Okay. I want to take my price or cost into the end result. I'm just repeating back what they said they wanted. I'm asking them which one is the most important. Now notice I say the cheapest. So is the cheapest price the most important thing to you or actually getting the right marketing strategy in? Reading scale to $12 million a month. I even do this. Even if I'm on the phone, I'm going to do this because it affects my what? My tone, my body language, and my face. Expression affects your voice your tone now. Typically, they're going to say no.
I mean, we want the result. I just you know, they, most of the time, they're gonna be like, no. No, we want the result. And like, well, what's going to put you in the best position to scale to 12 million a month? Like cheap leads that don't convert, or a higher quality lead so you can actually sell more. See how I'm taking them from cheapest leads now. If I'm selling marketing to the end result, scaling. What's going to put them in the best position? I'm keeping them in that result space. Thinking. And then I can come down, because I mean, we could give you like a cheap price. We could give you like cheap leads. I guess I'm just concerned.
Because how would we be able to dedicate the resources necessary to help you scale to $12 million a month without the funding for us to help? You get higher quality leads. See, I'm asking them how can we get you to what you said you wanted if we don't have the resources necessary to help you do that. Now, this frame would be more for like a marketing agency or something where you're helping them do something to earn more money. It wouldn't make sense for life insurance. We would just reword this. We would tweak this. It wouldn't make sense for solar or like cars or, you know, cybersecurity. have to, we'd have to tweak this a little bit. Yeah. Because I mean, we can just, we can give you like the cheapest price.
I guess I'm just concerned for you because how would we be able to, and then you repeat that. We just have to tweak it a bit differently, okay? How would we be able to dedicate the resources necessary to help you scale to $12 million a month without the funding to do that? That is called, I'm looping there. So now I'm looping and I'm asking them, how can we do this without the funding? It's hard for them to say. Yeah, there's a way we can do it without the funny. And then I'm going to come back down to the frame again, because is the 10% off the most important thing for you? We're actually scaling to 12 million a month and say, I'm still taking them out of the price or cost-based frame into results-based frame.
Let's say, if I sold employee benefits to companies. And they asked me for a better deal. The reason why they're talking to me is because they're losing a lot of their top executives to their competitors who are offering them better benefit packages. And now mine can prevent that from happening. Okay. But I find out that they want a better deal. Well, I guess it just depends on the results you want. I guess it really just depends on if you're wanting to retain these executives or not, because it's the cheapest price, the most important thing to you, or putting in the right benefits package. So your top executives don't leave the company. See what I did there. See now it's forcing them to pick which one I'm framing them again. Okay.
Putting them back into that. results-based frame. Okay. Because we could give you like a cheat plan. I guess my concern for you guys is how would you be able, how would it be able to help you retain your time? Top employees so you can keep growing the business. If we put in a cheap plan that they don't even like, or I could say, because I mean, we could give you a cheap plan. Like XYZ Company was offering you, I guess my concern for you guys would be: how would you be able to retain your top employees from leaving you to go to these other companies? By putting in a cheap plan that they're probably not gonna like. See, I'm reframing them again back into a results-based frame over price or cost-based thinking.
So, anyway, hope that helped you. If you have questions about how to get that to work for your industry. Now, I showed you several different industry exams. I showed you the frames of that, so you can just follow that. But if you do have questions, just feel free to text us, okay? I'll give you the number here. It's 480-637- two nine four four, uh, text us and either myself or one of our sales trainers, uh, will help you out on that. Hope that helped you.