129 - Stop Listening To SALES GURUS - YouTube.mp4
What if you could get on a sales call and know that you could handle any objection a prospect hurled at you and feel confident that you could follow through and close that? Deal could you make another two to three times more than you are now if you had a proven roadmap to destroy your prospects' objections and have the bullet-proof confidence to close most of your prospects. Now that might sound crazy, but would you be opposed to me showing that could be possible for you right now? Right now. Watch this video and I'm going to show you how you can start closing way more than you are now with far less objections as soon as next week, no matter what industry you're in.
I'm Jeremy Miner, and I'm the founder of what tens of thousands of salespeople worldwide are now calling the new model of selling. The new model was developed over my 16-year sales career, where I started the absolute bottom, knocking doors in the heat of the boiling Midwest summers. I started knocking doors thinking I was going to make a lot of money because that's what they said. That's what they told me was going to be easy. But then I got slapped in the face by my prospects with all these objections. I would get doors. Slammed in my face, cussed out, guns pulled on me, dogs after me, the list goes on. After a couple months of that, and almost making no sales to show of it, I decided I had to do something different.
You see, I was doing what my company trained me to do. I was a new rep. I didn't know any better. I didn't know what did I didn't know. I was so excited to get into sales that I read over a dozen books from the sales gurus before I even knocked on my first door. But hardly anything they taught. It really worked. And I remember sitting at my dingy apartment, like sweating from knocking doors all day, reflecting on all of the objections and pain that had hit me in the face. And in that moment, I decided to stop listening to what the sales gurus were saying and start using what I was learning in my studies at college and human behavior studies from behavioral science.
Because prospects today are far more educated and skeptical of sales people than they have ever been in the history of the world. It's time we change how we sell and communicate and start leaning into our prospect skepticism to get them to pull us in. And that's what I was out to accomplish. To bore you anymore with that story, but the results over the next 16 years, I averaged close to 2. 4 million a year in straight commissions as a be too rough. Let me repeat that. 2. 4 million a year in straight commissions. I was an employee that worked for a company. That's commissions each year, not sales. massive difference. And that was working across four completely different industries. Here's some proof.
Now, after earning that kind of coin for six years, I decided to share with other sales reps like you and sales executives and management and companies how to do the exact same thing. Since then, and since then And my company, 7th Level, has been featured in Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, Entrepreneur, Inc. Magazine, USA Today, Yahoo Finance. And my company was named the fastest. Growing sales training company on the Inc. 5000 last year by Inc. Magazine. And I've been hired by some of the largest corporations on planet Earth to train their salespeople to get massive results. Now you might be thinking, 'Who cares?' What about other sales? What about me? Will it work for what I sell? Here's just a few results from our clients. And it's not just these four.
Our website has thousands of testimonials like this. In fact, we have 5 ,389 testimonials just like this at the time of me shooting this video for you. If you've seen enough. And you'd like to learn how I can help you close like the people I just showed you and become the top salespeople in your entire company and industry. The top one. Then click below to book a call. We've already had over 140,000 plus sales reps across 150 different industries. Across planet Earth, take this training and are drastically closing more and making more money than they ever thought possible. And most importantly, helping their prospects solve their problems. This sales strategy will soon become, I can assure you, the standard of sales. So it's time for you to...
Get in while your competition is probably still using outdated sales techniques from the stone ages of selling, that trigger sales resistance and work. Against human behavior, so click below now to apply for a strategy call with me. A gap call even sales beginners can take. My new model of selling and start closing more sales as soon as next week. It's why I'm offering calls because I love helping sales reps like you rediscover how to sell using our NAPQ methodology. That drastically lowers sales resistance and prospects' minds and uses the right questions asked at the right time to get them to overcome their own objections. I'm sick and tired of sales reps not making the income that they could. Because they're using sales strategies that were taught realistically all the way back in the 50s and 60s, 70s and 80s, maybe the 90s.
Do you think people have changed their buying behavior since then? Of course they have. They have access to know everything about you by simply doing a Google search on their smartphone. They know everything about you. [company] who your competitors are, your price points, how long you've been in business, they know everything about you. That's why prospects' natural response to sales people is cautiousness and skepticism. On this call, we can go over through what you are saying and/ or not asking that's causing most... Of your prospects to not buy from you to take a look at what that gap looks like from where you are, commission-wise, compared to where you want to be, and what you can do differently to start closing more deals now, so you and your company can make way more money.
You can take just what we talk about on that call. And just from that, start using it for years to come to make more deals. So apply to book a call with our team by clicking the button below. Closing way more just like thousands of our clients are doing. Many of them who are selling exactly what you are doing now. Are they any different than you? Do they brush their hair? Do they put their pants on in the morning? Do they tie their shoes? The only difference between you and them is the skill level they now possess that you do not have yet. So my question is, Why not you? Click the button below, apply now. We'll see you on the inside.
Thank you.
Thank you.