73 - Customer Says- -The Price is Too High- You Say... - YouTube.mp4
So the first thing that you have to understand, when a prospect says, 'Hey, this is too expensive for us,' you don't actually know what that means. Because just because one... prospect says this and let's say that the reason why they say it's too expensive is because they just don't have the money for it. For another prospect, it could mean that they're saying it's too expensive because they're talking to one of your competitors, who is 10% cheaper. You don't know really why they're saying that. So it could be 10 other reasons why it could be too expensive once they include the maintenance cost if you sold like farm equipment or tractors or something. I mean, it can be in different ways depending on your industry.
So when they say it's too expensive, what you first want to do is ask what are called NEPQ terrifying questions. This just helps you find out what they mean by that. You know, Jeremy, we've really taken a look at this. It's just too expensive for us. You can say, in what way? Oh, in what way? Okay, just a curious tone. Oh, in what way? Or I can say, too expensive? Like I'm curious, like too expensive? Yeah, the reason why I said it's too expensive is because, do this, this works really well. You can just repeat back the word. Too expensive? too expensive like you're confused too expensive well yeah because we're already meeting with xyz competitor and they're seven percent cheaper for the same service okay or you can say oh how do you how do you mean too expensive or oh how do you mean so you can use how do you mean or too expensive or in what way though okay that one question That NEPQ clarifying question.
Now, if you're brand new, you've never seen any of our training, or you're not one of our clients in our virtual training portals or group training, NEPQ stands for neuroemotional persuasion. Questioning it's learning how to get your prospects to pull you in and sell themselves rather than you trying to push and pressure, which, as you know very rarely works with most of your prospects, unless you like playing the numbers game, which I'm assuming you don't. That's why you're here, because you're trying to advance your skill level to make it a skills game where you learn how to sell far more effectively to each prospect, all right? Which drastically reduces how many people you have to talk to to make a sale.
Okay now, what you can do let's say, if they say, 'Well, you know, it's just too expensive because I just don't know if we, you know, if we can spend the money on this. Now, this is a way where you're comparing two options, solving the problem, which gets them into results. Base thinking. Okay? Over price-based thinking. OK, because right now, when a prospect says it's too expensive and you find out that they just like, I don't know if we want to spend the money on it. That means you didn't do a good enough job to get them into results. Results-based thinking, that they're just thinking price or cost-based thinking. Now, results-based thinking is the end result that they said they want to accomplish or what they want to do, all right?
Let's say, in this example, I'm gonna give you an industry-specific example. Let's say, if you sell lead generation to companies. Okay, you're a lead broker, or let's say you're even a marketing agency. Trains companies how to really grow their social media so they get more organic leads. I'm just making something up here. Okay, well I mean John in reality, you know, for you guys, which is more expensive is it more expensive for you guys to get the funds together? You get these higher quality leads to your sales people, so you make more sales and now you're scaling and you get to 10 million a month. Let's say, if that's what they want, they wanted a higher quality lead so they can scale to get to 10 million a month.
Okay, so I'm just going to plug that in there. Well, John, I mean, you guys tell me, I mean, is it more expensive for you guys to get the funds together? You get the higher quality leads. To your sales people, now you're scaling to $10 million a month because of those leads, or is it more expensive for you guys to keep calling the bad leads, like you'd mentioned, who are not answering the phone, your sales keep going down like you'd also brought up, and you're never able to scale the business? I mean, in reality. Which is more expensive? Do you know what they're going to say? Oh my gosh, it's more expensive for us to keep getting these bad leads. See, what I instantly did is take that prospect from price-based thinking and get them up to results.
Thinking: if they can get the funds together, they get the higher quality lead that helps them scale to what they said they wanted— ten million dollars a month. If they don't get the higher quality leads, they keep calling the leads that they said they don't like, who don't answer the sales. Keep going down like they said, and they're never able to scale. At the end, you say, 'In reality,'—which is more expensive? You see that in a concerned tone, okay? You're never gonna have a prospect that says, 'Oh, it's gonna be more expensive for me to get to $10 million a month.' okay they're gonna they're gonna it shifts their mind automatically into results-based thinking that's where you want your prospect to be okay right results-based thinking over price or cost-based thinking now let me give you another example all right
okay let's say in this example you sell life insurance or you sell final expense insurance okay and the prospect his name is dan he's like i just don't know if i have the the money to be able to get this whole life policy And the problem with that is, is now, you know, Cindy and his kids are not going to be financially protected when he does pass away. Let's say that he's like, well, you know, I just don't have the money right now. the next 10, 15 years with my business. I'll be able to grow it enough where Cindy and the kids are taken care of. And let's say that he's 50 years old. Well, what happens? if he passes away during those 10 or 15 years he's trying to grow his business?
Well, sending the kids don't have what they want. So you're going to use that. And let's, you can use, instead of saying, is more expensive, you can also use which is more risky for you. It's another way to do that. So, if he says it's too expensive, you can also reword it to 'which is more risky for you.' or 'which is more expensive?' Well, I mean, John, you tell me, like, which is more risky for you? Is it more risky for you guys to get the funds together, sending the kids? Are 100% protected when you do pass away? Or is it more risky for you guys to do nothing at all and you end up passing away years before you thought your business would be profitable and now Cindy and the kids are on their own?
Trying to figure it all out, how they're going to pay the home, the debt, and all the expenses. I mean, in reality... Which is more risky for you? Now, pay attention to my tone here. I'm going to go do this one more time for you. Well, I mean, John, you tell me, which is more risky for you guys? Is it more risky for you guys to get the funds together? Cindy and the kids are now 100% protected. Look what I'm doing with my hands. You get the funds together. Cindy and the kids are 100% protected. Or is it more risky for you to do... nothing at all? Okay, look at my hands. Go down. You do nothing at all. You end up passing away years before you your business becomes profitable.
But now, the kids are on their own trying to figure out how to pay for the home, the debt, and all the expenses. I mean, in reality, which is more risky for you? See, what I did, okay? Realistically, which is more risky for you? It's going to be hard for him to come back and say, 'Yeah, it's more risky for me to get the funds together and they're 100% protected.' He's going to start internalizing. Besides getting him into results-based thinking, I hope I'm spelling this right, I'm getting him to internalize and visually see and feel. Industry, him passing away before his business is profitable or he'd have the money to take care of them that he could leave behind and now Cindy and the kids are on their own trying to figure out how to pay the mortgage, how to pay their debt, and all the expenses without his income, and he's going to start internalizing that it's far more risky for him to do nothing,
and hope, and pray he doesn't pass away in 15 years, even though he's 50 years old, compared to just getting this policy. And now he knows that they're 100% protected. In reality, which is more risky? So going back, remember you can use which is more expensive and do the comparison, or which is more risky. Ever give you that it's too expensive, you need to first ask a clarifying question to find out why they even said that or what they mean by it's too expensive, because that's going to mean different things to different prospects, whether you sell B to C or B to B or even B to G. Hope that tip helped you for today in this training video.