136 - The Art of Selling Like a 7 Figure Salesperson - YouTube.mp4
On this video, you're going to learn the difference between what the average salesperson asks, what questions they use, compared to what a seven-figure salesperson asks and what questions they use. Now, asking questions is sometimes referred to as the art of selling. But there is a distinct difference in just asking questions and learning how to ask very skilled questions at the right time in the conversation to take you deeper in that conversation. Now, in the era that we live in today, it's not enough to just ask what I call surface questions such as, you know, what are your three biggest problems? Just a surface-level question— it doesn't really get you that much— and I'm going to tell you it keeps you from getting into the top one percent of sales people in your field.
But what if you could learn how to go deeper than just the surface? Not just finding out what their three biggest problems are, but what's actually causing those problems. And more importantly, how it's affecting them. You see, these deeper questions will completely set you apart from any other salesperson in your company, even your entire industry. Now, when you ask logical and emotional questions, the answers that you'll receive are like the signs on a signpost on the road for you and your potential customer to discover—really, if you're a good fit. Questions are there to see if your potential customer has a problem. What's causing those problems and how it's affecting them personally? To see if you can actually help them solve that problem.
Remember, rule number one to becoming a master communicator and salesperson and to reach a high six-figure or even seven-figure income is to detach yourself from the expectations of making the sale and instead focus on whether there's a sale to be made in the first place. Now, as you listen to their answers from the questions that you've asked, you'll find out the correct features and benefits that they're looking for. So you're going to know what mud's going to stick, what mud to throw on the wall, rather than just being blind, you know, throwing a bucket of mud on the wall and hoping some of it sticks. The master salesperson, the seven-figure earner, always keeps his quote close to his heart. You can take this to the bank. I keep six wise serving men.
They taught me all I knew. Their names were what, and why, and when, and how, and where, and who. By Rudyard Kipling. Now, asking skilled questions is the most powerful form of persuasion known to mankind. For you to build trust and have record-breaking sales performance. I'm going to tell you straight up, your sales brochures, your company website, your PowerPoint presentations, or anything else you use, turn from being sales crutches where you're hoping that these items are going to sell your prospective customer to being tools of support to be used only if you need them. I'm going to tell you, you won't need any more crutches to sell. Why? Because you've become the trusted authority in your prospect's eyes rather than the dreaded salesperson trying to sell them something.
Questions allow you to see the complete picture of your prospect and what their situation is. However, more importantly, who else gets to see that picture? Your potential customer who's answering your skilled questions. Their own answers can give them a different perspective and cause them to question their way of thinking. Thinking about why they've allowed their problems to keep happening. It can motivate them to want to change their situation and to change that with you. Your questions will empower your potential clients to get in touch with their feelings, their emotional side, and their present circumstances, and allow them the choice to take action that will come with a deep internal desire to change. not from an external motivation side, which will wear out quickly.
You see, external motivation happens when you ask manipulative questions and try to persuade them to yourself. Buyer's remorse. Remember, people buy on emotion, not logic. They only justify their decisions with logic, but they always buy with emotion first. Salespeople come to me all the time for training and this is the first thing I have to allow them to discover. They keep thinking somehow that if they can just present the fee features and the benefits of their product and facts about how great they are, how great their company is, how great their products are or services, how great their customer service is, how they're always going to be there to help them. And somehow they think that this is just going to be enough for the prospect just to want to lay over and buy from them.
Write this down. Facts and features rarely sell. Trust and emotion always do. Now, the problem is, who else do you think tells your potential customer those same things that you're telling them about how great they are? You bet. Every other salesperson they talk to every day is telling them the same thing about how great their product or service is as well. You sound exactly the same. And that's why you keep losing so many sales that you don't have to be losing. Could that be the reason why selling is a numbers game for you? The question is... Would you like to change that? Now, I'll give you an example if you'd like. You see, let's talk about a doctor. A great doctor will always do the same thing as a master salesperson.
He or she does not give the answers to a patient without first asking questions and listening to the answers, right? Because... It would only be the doctor's answers, not the patient's answers, if you never asked them what their problems were. Who knows their situation the best, the doctor or the patient? Well, the patient, of course, knows their circumstances and will discuss them. The symptoms become clear to them. Now they might not know the solution to their problem, but the doctor will know the solution and the patient feels part of the process and they start to trust their doctor's recommended solution. Could it be the same for you? Your potential customers will discuss their problems with you if they view you as a trusted advisor.
But they won't discuss more than just pass a surface with you if they view you as just another salesperson trying to shove your solution down their throat. Once they view you as a trusted advisor, they will always let you go deeper with your questions. They will give you the deeper problems that they're having. They're going to reveal them to just you, and they're going to reveal to you what's causing those problems, and more importantly, what's it doing to them personally. This is the biggest difference between an average salesperson and the salesperson who is a master in the selling craft and reaches minimum. $250,000 a year. I would say more like $500,000, $600,000, $700,000 a year, even over seven-figure-a-year income status in their profession.
The average salesperson never gets past the service questions. That's why they stay average. The master salesperson keeps peeling the layers off the onion. The more layers they kill off of the onion, the closer they get to the core of who the person is and they're viewed by the prospect as an authority instead of just another salesperson trying to sell them something. Tell me this. What could happen to your sales results and your conversations if your prospects viewed you as a trusted authority in your market rather than just another salesperson trying to sell them something? Now, in tomorrow's video, we're going to explore how to go from struggling... to try to overcome your potential customer's objections, to asking the right questions to help them overcome their own objections. I want to thank you for watching this video about the difference between what average salespeople ask, what questions they use, compared to what a seven-figure salesperson asks and what questions they use. Now, in the next video, you're going to learn how to diffuse any objection that your potential customer brings up in your sales conversation and have them persuade themselves on how to overcome their own objections.