142 - How HUMOR Eliminates FEAR - YouTube.mp4
Now, let's go to this second objection. How do you respond when the prospect says, 'I don't know.' I don't know, Barry. It just sounds too good to be true. Or let's say you're in a discovery call or you're going through the presentation and they just stop you. This all sounds great, but it just— it just. I just get this gut feeling that it sounds too good to be true. How many of you have ever got that objection and lost a sale because of that? I don't want you to have to lose sales when, if you have the right training, you would make those sales like our clients make. So how many of you have ever lost a sale to It just sounds too good to be true. How many of you?
I know a lot of you have. All right, here's how you overcome that. Okay. For one thing, we have to realize that this is just a fear-based objection. You can get this objection in both B2C sales and B2B sales. was in four industries in my 17-year sales career, two B2C, two B2B. I got this objection in all four. Okay. But it's really easy to overcome. Okay. So it's a fear-based objection. Okay. That you see in a lot of industries, especially if you sell some type of product or service or training program that teaches people how to get money. Now you're not necessarily going to get this concern. If you sell life insurance, you're not really going to see it that much there.
Or if you sell cars, uh, you might, you're going to see this objection more in like the coaching industry or the high ticket industry or the make money biz op industry or fulfillment industry, or recruiting industry. Maybe you're a job recruiter. You're going to hear this a lot. Okay. So there are certain industries I've even, you know, we even train a big, large company that sells cybersecurity to banks. And this is one of the top 10 objections they get. It sounds too good to be true by CEOs of banks. Okay. So you're going to get it in different objections. Some industries, you just won't get this concern. Let me role play it with you. Prospect says, 'Well, it just sounds too good to be true,' Jeremy. Well, would you...
like us to make it harder for you? So the first thing out of your mouth, if somebody says, 'It sounds too good to be true,' you just laugh with them and say, 'Well... Would you like us to make it harder for you?' And you joke with them. I'm telling you, it is a massive pattern interrupt. That causes most people to laugh in the concern is over right there. Now I'm going to show you how to keep going because I want to make sure the concerns buttoned up. But the first thing you do is a pattern interrupt. What are most salespeople? They argue with them and then they lose a sale. So they say, 'Ah, this sounds too good to be true.' I might say, 'How do you mean it sounds too good to be true?' I could either ask that clarifying question or I could say, 'Well...
would you like for us to make it harder for you?' And they'll be like, 'Oh, I don't want it to make harder, but you know what I mean.' And then they're going to say something like, 'Oh, don't get me wrong, but when I was a kid, my grandpa would always say, 'Look, John, Johnny Boy or Sally, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.' Let's say the prospect says that. So you would simply ask, 'Well, um... Can I make a suggestion, Amy? Sure, yeah, go ahead.' That saying, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Where do you think that came from? Do you think that came from someone that was extremely wealthy? or someone that was poor.
Let me ask that question again. So that saying, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Where do you think that came from? Do you think it came from somebody that's extremely wealthy or somebody that was poor? Lower your voice. And 99% of people are going to say, 'oh, someone that was poor.' If they say, 'I don't know.' Well, if you really thought about it, who do you think it came from? Oh, okay. Somebody that was poor. Okay. Exactly. And you say exactly someone that was poor. So if we start taking financial advice from people who are poor. What type of financial results do you think we're going to get in our lives? See how I asked that question? Did you see my tone?
You want to learn that tone, we can teach you that tone. Our clients have learned that tone in our virtual training courses. That's why they're selling what you are now, but they may probably triple what you do. They've just learned how to do it. You can learn how to do that as well, okay. So can I make a suggestion? Sure, go ahead, Jeremy. That saying, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Where do you think that came from? Do you think that came from somebody that was extremely wealthy or somebody that was... before. Oh, somebody that's poor. Well, exactly. Somebody who's poor. So if we take financial advice from people who are poor. What type of financial results do you think we're going to get in our lives?
And the prospect's always going to say, well... I guess the same results they're getting. And then you're going to ask, well, do you, Do you want to change that? Look how he leaned in. Look at my empathy, my tone. Well, do you... Do you want to change that? Yeah, I want to change that. And then you're going to say this. This is an NEPQ negative reverse. Well, I mean, you don't have to change it. I mean, tell me this. Like, why look at doing this now? Like, why not push it down the road? Unsuccessful people would. Let me repeat that. Well, you don't have to change. No, no, I need to change. Okay, but for you... I mean, why look at doing this now?
Like, why not just push it down the road like unsuccessful people would? And you know what they're going to do? They're going to push back and they're going to say, 'Oh, no, no, I'm not going to be like that.' And then you're simply going to say, 'Okay, so time to make a change possible.' That is a NAPQ probing statement, all taught in the virtual training courses in our group, trained by me and our sales trainers, okay? And then you're going to ask about two to three commitment questions, which we teach you those in the virtual training courses and the group coaching, and then that person is ready to go.