78 - 7 Probing Questions That Trigger MASSIVE Urgency... - YouTube.mp4
Do you ever notice when you go to close a sale that a lot of your prospects just don't seem to have much urgency to buy now and they just push it down the road? Well, if that's the case... Come over here to the buy board. I'm going to show you why that's happening to you. And I'm going to give you about seven different, what we call probing questions that trigger the prospect to have far more urgency to buy now and not push it down. Come over to the buy board. I'm going to show you how to do this. All right. Now I'm going to ask you this question. Type in 'me' in the comments. If... You have some issues here and there. Just be honest with yourself.
You have some issues when you... When you go towards the end of the conversation or conversations, depending on if you sell B to C, business to consumer or business to business, you try to close. But have you ever noticed that a lot of your prospects they don't really feel a lot of urgency to want to buy from you? It's like you help them find problems, but then, at the end, when you try to close, they just don't feel a lot of urgency. You can tell by their tonality, their body language, and they tell you they want to keep looking around. They want to think it over. They want to do more research. If that happens to you, type in me in the comment section.
Okay, so if you're on Instagram or the Facebook group here, Sales Revolution. And you notice that a lot of your prospects, they just don't feel a lot of urgency when you try to close them to buy, even though they have problems. And then they give you some time. If I want to think it over, object, type in me if that happens to you, because if that happens to you today, I'm going to show you, first of all, why it's happening. So you understand it. And then I'm going to show you what questions to use to get them to emotionally open up and relive their pain. Where they trigger where it triggers massive urgency in their brain to want to change their situation and actually do that with you— the salesperson, now this is what we call NEPQ, write this down, precision probing.
This is what's called NEPQ, precision probing. I'm going to give you a few examples here. This is an example of what we call NEPQ, problem awareness questions. Now, if you're not one of our clients, you might have no idea what NEPQ even means. NEPQ, write this down. This is important to you. NEPQ stands for neuro... Emotional persuasion questions. Neuro-emotional persuasion questions. Okay, it's my behavioral science background from university, and then being in the trenches as a salesperson, like you for 18 years in four completely different industries before I retired and started Seventh Level. Okay. All right now, why do we need to ask what are called problem awareness questions? Why do we need to be precise? Why do we need to probe precisely? Why do we need to do that?
Because we have to help the prospect relive their pain of their current situation and have a fear of future pain. Okay. Now, why is that? Okay. Because we have to get them to tell themselves why they want to change. That is called self-persuasion. It is the highest form of persuasion according to behavioral science. When you tell a prospect why they need to buy from you, why they need to change, that goes in one ear out the other because you're biased. You're the salesperson. They know that. When I can take those statements instead of telling them why they should buy, I get them to tell themselves why they should buy. Which is more persuasive? I think you know the answer. When the prospect tells themselves why they need to change their situation, that's them.
That's true. When you tell them... Your opinion, because you're the salesperson right now, write this down as well. I'm going to give you a behavioral science 101 lesson. What are the two biggest emotional drivers that cause a human being to want to change? The first one is what I said: pain and the fear of future pain. If we cannot help the prospect relive their pain of their current situation and have a fear of future pain, they don't feel any need to change. And when they don't feel any need to change, there is no urgency. That's why you get, I want to think it over, look around, do more research, or spouse. Objections if you sell B to C, okay. Because you couldn't help them open up emotionally to relive their pain and have a fear of future pain, okay.
So I'm going to show you what questions and how to use your tone to get them to do that. Now, this also causes your prospects to go below the surface and emotionally open up, okay? Now, all of us have heard of this. Do human beings make buying decisions logically? Or emotionally. It's 100% emotionally. Brain studies prove that. There's no debate in behavioral science on this. 100% emotion. I feel like... having a drink of water. Notice I said I feel like having a drink of water. Every decision you make, every decision that you make as a human being, starts with your emotional side of your brain. No decision you make ever starts with your logical side of the brain. Did you know that? I feel like doing this live for you because I like you.
I feel like waking up today because I have to get to work. I feel like eating today because I'm hungry. See, you always start with your emotional side of the brain and then you justify it with logic. That is the same if you sell b to B to C to D to G, it does not matter because you are talking to human beings who have a logical side of the brain and emotional side of the brain. There is no difference. Do you see the difference? See what I'm talking about. There okay now. Two big spheres. Now, let me give you some examples of this, okay? All right. How many of you type in me if you ever have a prospect that just tells you an emotion like, 'Ah, you know, this problem is just frustrating me' or 'I'm really stressed out.' about this or 'I'm just frustrated about this' or 'I'm worried about this' or 'I'm concerned about this.' And they tell you, they attach like an emotional word to their problem.
Type in me. If you have a prospect that's ever told you their problem was stressing them out or they were worried about it or concerned about it or frustrated about it or annoyed about it, okay. That is good. Now, when you get that emotional word, okay. All you can simply do, if you want them to open up and expand on it, because when a prospect says, 'Yeah, I'm just stressed about XYZ,' that is not helping them relive pain. That is still surface-level, logical stuff. It's what's causing that emotion that triggers them to relive their pain. So I'm simply going to repeat back the emotional word. Oh, this XYZ problem causes some stress. Stress? Frustration? Concern? Say I can repeat back the emotional word, okay?
So I want you to go home and try it on the the people you live with tonight. They could be your kids, your spouse, the person you're dating, the person that cut your hair, whoever you talk to. Whenever they give you an emotional word like stress, concerned, pressure, tension, frustration, annoyance, just repeat back the one emotional word and watch how they emotionally open up and just spill the beans. Because here's what happens. When they say an emotional word and I just repeat it back, frustrated? And I use a confused tone. What happens in their subconscious? We cannot help it as a human being. Their subconscious says, 'Oh, he didn't understand.' What I meant by 'frustrated,' I need to explain that better. Literally, their subconscious tells their conscious brain that and instantly they start to open up.
You will never have a prospect. If you say stress. That's just going to sit there and be like, 'Yeah, stress.' They're not going to do that, okay? But I have to use a concern. Hold on, stress? That's a concerned tone. Like I'm confused and I'm concerned. You see what I'm doing? Now, if I don't use a concerned tone or a, it's kind of like a confused slash concerned tone. If I'm like, 'Oh, what do you mean by stress?' You're going to get some people to open up, but if I let them say, 'Oh, how do you mean by stress?' See, I look confused and I look like I'm concerned. Their subconscious instantly says, 'He didn't understand what I meant by stress.' I need to explain that better.
And now they start reliving their pain. Do you see what we're talking about? Okay. All right. Now. Let me show you this. Hold on, stress? Yeah, just the other day it happened when... And then they tell you when it happened. And then I can instantly ask, this is called an... any PQ probing question here. Okay. This is a probing question. Remember, I have to get them to open up and go below the surface. That's where the emotion is. That's where the sale is made. Okay. Then I'm going to say, how long has that actually been going on for? So you've been having XYZ problems. How long has that been going on for? Now, why do I ask that question? Because it helps the prospect realize how long they've had the problem.
Them. How long they've had the pain. Do you see what I'm doing there? Okay. Now notice what my tone is doing. Okay. This is another probing question here. So this has been going on for the past six months. Has that had a impact on you? Oh my gosh. Well, hold on in what way though? Okay, see what I'm doing. I'm verbal pacing the question out— I'm slowing it down. Okay, so instead of saying this, this is generic, I'm just gonna plug in what the actual problem is. Are you with me on that? So that's been going on for the past three months. Has that had a Zed? Had a Impact on you. Oh my gosh. Well in what way though? Okay. See what I'm doing.
Okay, you have no idea when what in what way see I'm still clarifying. I'm still probing to get the prospect to emotionally open and let their guard down. Let me show you a few other examples here. All right. Okay now in this example. And we would teach you this. Look, some of you are clients. Some of you are not. The ones who are clients, you already know all this. That's why you were crushing it in sales in your industry. If you're not a client, what are you doing? Why wouldn't you be a client so you could sell more? It doesn't make any sense, okay? So if you notice, by their tonality and body language, that they're emotionally opening up to you, So throughout that conversation, let's say they've just been, they've opened up, they've just emotionally opened up already.
I might even lean in and be able to say, 'What's that doing to you? What's that doing to you? What happens when that, what does that do to you when that happens? See, I'm using a concern tone, a tone that shows empathy. Okay, remember. Your tonality is how the prospect interprets the intention behind every question you ask and everything you say. So they feel like I'm genuine. Truly concerned for this situation, that builds far more trust. And if the prospect trusts that you understand their unique situation, trust what that you can get them the best result that's who they buy from— not just because they like you, people buy from people or companies they trust. Can get them the best result if they like you, that's a bonus.
Think about all the people you like in your life, like relatives of yours. There's some things you don't buy from them that you buy from a complete stranger, right? Because you trust that other company or stranger can get you a better result than your relative. You like your relative. But it doesn't really mean you trust them enough to get you the results you want. People buy from people they trust, can get them the best result. If they like you, that's a bonus. People don't just buy because they like you or think you're a cool person. That's Dale Carnegie's book, 1936, How to Win Friends and Influence People. Great book. Written in 1936. We live in 2024. Prospects are much differently. Power of the internet, social media didn't exist in 1936.
It definitely impacts your sales now if you don't understand that. Okay all right, let's keep going here. Or I could do this. Prospect says, 'Yeah, we're having some problems with XYZ and ABC.' I then can say, 'Can you give me a specific example of when that happened?' Can you give me a specific example of when that happens? See, most salespeople would just stop. So when the prospect says, 'We're having problems with this and this,' like, 'Oh, okay,' and then they just go on to the next question on their script. You have to probe. You have to get them to relive their pain. If you can't get them to relive their pain, they feel no need to change. They feel no need to change, that's why they don't buy from you.
They don't feel any urgency because you can't get them to relive their pain. Remember, pain, fear of future pain, biggest emotional drivers that cause a human being to want to change. See, we're all going back to that word—change— all the time. Can you give me a specific example when that's actually happened? See, I'm concerned. Okay. Prospect. Well, just last week we had an issue with our system shutting down and our clients lost access to close to two days. We couldn't get response from the company. I'm just making something up. Okay, then I'm gonna probe it. Oh, how often is this happening to you guys? How often is that actually happening? You guys? Oh my gosh, happens a couple times every couple months. So when their systems go down like that, how does that affect your company?
So when the system goes down, how is that affecting the company? They start to tell you how it's affecting their company, reliving that pain. But then I'm going to move in and say, how does that affect you? Personally, though? Now, this is an example. This is more B2B here. You're talking about a company, okay? How does that affect you personally when that happens? See, I'm concerned. I'm using a concerned tone, a tone that shows empathy. Okay, see what I'm doing. Let me show you one more example here. Now, if you want to learn more questions like this and other questions for your industry, go and click the subscribe button. My only warning to you is this: If you do subscribe to this channel, make sure you do not share this YouTube channel with people you know.
Who you compete with—so, if you have a friend that sells the same thing you do, you don't want to share them this channel. This channel, because you don't want them to learn these type of things you're gonna learn here— all right. Only share this with people that are in sales or other people selling anything. If you're not competing with them, that's my warning to you. If you want to build far more earth, you have to learn how to use what are called verbal pauses. I'm not kidding you when I say this. People say, 'Jeremy, I need to learn how to close more I'm like, 'You need to learn how to use verbal cues, verbal pauses, and verbal patient questions.' Out, so the prospect opens up emotionally because that's when the sale is made— not when you use a 'close' at the end.
That's not when the prospect decides to buy. Behavioral Science 101, okay? So, in this example... I'm going to show you how to get your prospects to have certainty. Has anybody ever heard of that word certainty? You know what the number one reason is that your prospects give you objections? Uncertainty. What causes uncertainty in a prospect's brain? The salesperson does, not the prospect. What causes certainty in their brain? The salesperson, when they have a higher skill level. Okay? Certainty and uncertainty are triggered by you, the salesperson. Not the prospect. I can control whether that prospect has certainty with what I'm offering and the problems I solve and their problems. And on the flip side, if I don't have the right skills, how to use my tonality, the right questions to ask, I can also trigger uncertainty that leads to more objections.
Okay, see what I'm doing there, okay? So let me give you an example of this. This is what's called an NEPQ. Write this down. This is called an NEPQ. Pro-bean. question right here, probing question, okay? So. I can control what I want the prospect to focus on in the question I ask. So think about that from your industry. Okay, this is generic here. So after they say something, I can say, so why is this so important to you now though? Why is this so important to you now? Now, what word am I keen on? The word this. So I'm asking, why is this so important to you now? Now look here at these dots. These are verbal pauses.
I want to pause a split second before I say the word I want them to focus on in their brain, and I want a verbal pause for a split second before I finish the sentence. Okay, if I say this too fast, it will not have any... Yeah, why is it so important you know, though? Oh, I don't know. It's just something we're looking into. So why is this... So important to you now. Can I ask why this is so important to you now, though? Okay? The word this. See, now I just, what did I just cause their brain to do? Focus on whatever this is. So let's say, if I sold life insurance, as an example. That's the biggest industry we train in the world now. Why is this?
That would mean... Financial protection for their family, so important to them now. If I sold solar, why is this— locking in the rate, lowering their bill, eventually not having a bill if I sold, let's say, cyber security. The word 'this' could be reducing their false positive rate, so they stop rejecting good customers at the bank. See, it's all going to be different for the industry, but the word 'this' gets them to focus on whatever you're referring to. Why is this so important to you now I got their brain to focus on whatever 'this' is. Do you see what I'm doing here? Okay, now I can also focus on, as a timing thing, asking the same question. So look, this question right here is exactly the same as this question right here.
But notice how I get their brain to focus on now, like now, like today, timing compared to this, whatever the issue is. And I'm asking the same question, but my tone and where I pause trigger their brain to think about different things. You see what we're talking about. So can I ask why this is so important to you? Now though, can I ask why this is so important to you now, though? Now, their brain is going to think, why is this so important to do now? The word 'now' builds what? Urgency. Well, the reason why we need to look at doing this now is because, and they start telling you why they need to change their situation now. Okay, now. I'm pausing for a split second before the word 'now', and I'm pausing for a split second right at...
Can I ask why this is so important to you? Now though, Now, if I didn't pause, why is this so important to you now, though? Well, it just is. See, when I ask the question too fast, I give the prospect no time to internalize the question I'm asking. That is the number one reason when you ask questions that your prospects give you vague, generalized, surface-level answers— is because you ask the questions so fast you give them no time to think deeply about what you're asking, and that triggers a knee-jerk response, surface-level, vague, generalized response, okay? So if I'm selling at a car dealership or a furniture store, and the prospect walks in, and I say, 'Hey, welcome to the store today,' how can I help you? Just looking.
You ask the question too fast, you're going to get a knee-jerk reaction. So I might say, 'Hey, welcome into the store today. Are you guys just kind of, you know, out just kind of looking around today? Yeah, yeah, we're just like, oh, and you know what—you're, you're possibly looking for. Okay, I'm slowing down. I'm verbal pacing the question out. Does that help all of you today? All right, perfect.' All right, now type in the chat here what you got here, biggest aha moment, and I'm going to end it with this. Okay, so type in the chat, biggest aha moment. moment. Something you picked up from that basic live that you did not know before the live today. Okay, I want you to type in the chat. Biggest aha moment.
Something you picked up today. That you did not know before today. Okay, hope that helped you today. Learn how to build more urgency in the sale. That was just kind of a sample. If you want more... training like this go ahead and subscribe to the channel my only warning is like i said earlier don't share this channel with your competitor so if you have a friend that sells this same thing you do and you don't want them to learn these type of things, don't share it with them. Only share it with friends who are outside of your industry who you don't compete with. I can assure you, you don't want your competitors learning the things I will show you on these training videos.