117 - When They Want to Look Around - Prospect Says - YouTube.mp4
Prospect says, 'I want to compare prices with another vendor. And then I'll get back to you. What do you do at that point?' The first thing that we have to do is. We have to once again disarm the prospect to get them to lower their guard, to let their guard down instead of throwing out some rebuttal, which is more than likely going to trigger more sales resistance and then hope and pray that whatever we say next is magically going to cause them to want to buy from us. That is not a winning strategy. If you wanna make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, if not more, as a sales professional in our day and age, all right? The information age we live in. So typically, you're gonna get this objection.
After your presentation and or maybe going through a proposal. So let's take a look about what we're going to do here. First of all, go down to the bottom of this video, hit the subscribe button. That's probably important for you. Hit the subscribe button. And to the right of that, or maybe the left, I don't know, somewhere in there, there's like a little bell. That's your notifications button. Hit the notifications button as well so you get notified by YouTube every time I post a new training video, which I typically do two to four times a week. And I'm going to role play with myself. I'm going to walk you through the right tonality of this, okay? All right. Prospect says, 'Hey, you know, this sounds good.' We just kind of want to look, compare.
prices with other vendors, all right. We've got some other companies coming in next week. We want to compare prices with them. Let's say, they say, 'We've got some other companies coming in next week.' Tomorrow, we want to compare prices with them as well. Here's the word you say. Let me circle this for you, okay? Yeah, that's not a problem. So you downplay it. Yeah, that's not a problem. You just agree. You don't try to fight back with, but we went over everything today. You have a problem. We have the solution. Like, I don't understand. Like, stop fighting with people. You're just digging yourself a freaking hole. That's not a problem. What are you hoping these other companies will tell you? Now why would I want to ask that?
Because I want to know what the prospect is thinking in their brain, okay? Because if you just like, okay, not a problem, I'll get back to you. You don't know what's going on. You don't know— maybe they have some concerns about what you propose, like your price points, or maybe they don't think something's going to work with your product and service, with whatever you're selling, just depends on your industry. Yeah, that's not a problem. What are you hoping they'll tell you? Well, we really want to know about, and then that tells you, like, if they say, 'Well, we really want to see what the price points are,' that tells you they're thinking price-based thinking rather than results-based thinking. So, you know, you got to get in— to think results-based thinking?
Well, we're looking to see if their technology will integrate with X, Y, and Z, if you sold in that industry. See, they might be thinking different things. Let's say they say this, well, we just want to see what they have to offer too. They could say that. That's kind of vague. You don't even know what that means, all right? Well, we just want to see what they have to offer too. Then you're going to say this. Okay, that makes sense. Now, let's say that all these other companies... All right, let me get this over here for you. Okay, that makes sense. Let's say that all these other companies coming in to meet you, let's say they all...
meet your criteria as well and can solve the same problem and even meet the criteria of your price points that you want to be at. How would you then decide who to go with? Or you can, let me repeat that. I'm going to show you the tonality. You can either say this. Now, if you already said that's not a problem here, you can't say that's not a problem again because that's going to sound weird. Sounds like a sales technique. So you just got to relanguage it. So if you said that's not a problem, what are you hoping they'll tell you? Then down here, you would say, 'Yeah, that makes sense.' Now let's say that. All these other companies coming in all meet your criteria, can solve the same problem, and let's say that they're around the same price points as us.
How would you then decide what to do? Or how would you then decide who to go with? See how I did that? How would you then decide what to do? Now, here's the most important part here, okay? Because at that question, they're going to tell you. Well, at that point, it would come down to... And that's the hot button. Okay, so let's say that all these other companies coming in can all solve the same problem, can help you get exactly where your company wants to go, and they're all around the same price points as us. How would you then decide who to go with? Well, at that point, Jeremy, it would come down to, and then that's the hot button, all right? Whatever they tell you. there.
That is what you need to focus on to close the sale. That could be 20 different things, okay? That question helps you find out the... things that you're going to need in your sales process to help that prospect move forward with your solution, especially if you know that they are meeting with your competitor. I can pretty much guarantee you that the other salespeople from your competition trying to win that same account would have no idea how to ask just those two questions. That you know how to ask that will push the prospect over to your advantage. So next time, I want you to do that, follow this right here. What are you hoping they'll tell you? Yeah, that's not a problem. What are you hoping that they'll say to you?
Well, we're hoping that they would say to us or this or that. Oh, okay, that makes sense. Let's say that these companies coming in next week, let's say that they can all solve the same problems, they can all get you guys to the same place you're wanting to go, and let's say their price points are around the same as ours. How would you then decide who to go with, John? Well, at that point, it would come down to blank. And that's where you're going to focus your time. Hope that helped you today. That is your time. Tip for the day. You're welcome. Use that next time. Join our free Facebook group. Go to www. salesrevolution. pro. We should have a link on here somewhere. SalesRevolution. pro. Right when you join the SalesRevolution.
pro Facebook group, because we've got thousands of entrepreneurs in there, thousands of salespeople like you, thousands of coaches, consultants, executives in there that want to sell more. Right when you join, check your DMs because we're going to message you. Some of my team's going to message you a free... training called the NAPQ 101 mini course. It's going to give you a list of different questions and phrases you can use in any sales situation. That alone is going to help you sell more. Than what you're doing now. And we go live in the Facebook group about three to four times a week with different subject matter trainings, different Q &As, different client interviews that will also help you sell more. Join the Facebook group, salesrevolution. pro. See you there.