105 - High Ticket Sales Secrets - YouTube.mp4
Today, I'm going to give you some tips, some secrets, if you sell anything that's considered high ticket, like the high-ticket coaching, consulting. Industry that could be hundreds of different types of companies or different training programs. And I'm going to give you some very unique things that you might not be aware of. First of all, go down to the bottom of this video, hit the subscribe button. That's probably important for you. Hit the subscribe button. And to the right of that, or maybe the left, I don't know, somewhere in there, there's like a... a little bell. That's your notifications button. Hit the notifications button as well so you get notified by YouTube every time I post a new training video. Which I typically do two to four times a week.
Now, the first thing that we have to understand when you're selling in the high ticket space, products that are anywhere from the low end— let's say $2k— all the way up to maybe $30,000, you know, to even $50,000, and even $100,000. I would say the average ticket is probably about $10,000 to let's say $20,000, somewhere in that range. You really have to build a gap. Now, what do I mean by building a gap? I mean, you have to help the prospect find out what their real situation is. We call that their current state. They don't really understand what their problems are. Now, maybe they know they have a problem.
Let's say, if you're selling like an Amazon offer that teaches them how to start an Amazon business, they want to make more money, but they don't really understand the depth of that problem. They don't understand the consequences of what happens if they don't do anything about solving the problem. So your job is to help them see what their real situation is. You can't do that by simply telling them what their real situation is. That's going to go in one ear out the other. You're biased. You're the salesperson. Your questionability allows them to tell themselves that. Where they internalize it. So you have to learn how to build a gap from where they are, current state, to where they want to be. Now we call that their objective state. result they want.
Going back to the Amazon thing, they probably want to make more money. They probably want to have more time. All right. So what is their future look like once all the the newfound problems are solved. So here's their current state. You build the gap. These are their newfound problems they might not have realized they had. And then we have to get them to see what their future, their objective state looks like once the newfound problems are solved. Those three things— helping them see what their current situation is, current state, building a gap— all the newfound problems. And then getting them to see what the future looks like once the problems are solved with your solution, then everybody buys, okay? If we can't do one of those three things, or we can't really do any of those very good.
That's why you're getting a ton of objections. Now, I'm going to show you a few examples on how to do this. One good way that you can help build urgency in the sale is asking what are called consequence questions. Now that's called an NEPQ consequence question. Now, if you've never seen any of our videos, if you're not one of our clients in our virtual training platforms, maybe you've never seen one of our reels on Facebook or IG or anywhere, NAPQ stands for neuroemotional persuasion questioning. It's how to get the prospect to pull you in and sell themselves rather than you having to push and pressure, which, as you know, very rarely works with most of your prospects. Consequence questions help you build urgency in that prospect's mind that they need to change their situation now, not keep pushing down the road, okay?
We're not telling them that. Because, like, as you know, that goes in one ear out the other. Our questions allowed them to tell themselves that now. What is the goal? What is the consequence? Questions we're getting them to feel— what the consequences are if they don't do anything about changing their situation. Where they internalize the consequences, they internalize, they feel what's going to happen. If they stay in the status quo and their problems stay the same and nothing changes, all right? So let me show you how to do this. I'm gonna give you a few generic versions of consequence questions. And then I picked about, I think, three or four different high-ticket coaching, I would say, you know, products or services like different niches to show you how it works.
And then, whatever niche you're in, you can literally plug into that formula, right? So generic version would be this. Well, John, what? What happens if nothing changes? Now, I'm going to say that in a concerned tone. Why would I use a concerned tone? Because that's how the prospect interprets why I'm even asking the question. What's behind the question, all right? Or what are the consequences if you don't do anything about this? Or this one. What are the ramifications if your situation stays the same, though? See, I'm concerned for them. I'm using a concerned tone, okay? If they come back and they say, 'Well, I don't know,' I'd have to figure something out. And you say, 'Well, are you... Are you willing to settle for that?' In a concerned tone, okay?
Now look, generic versions here, you can actually even use this with what you sell. You'd want to make it more specific though. Let me show you. How to do that, all right? Let's say if you sold in the real estate education industry. So you sell some type of different training programs that teach... People either had to get out of their nine-to-five job and start becoming a real estate investors so they can make passive income. Or let's say, some of your prospects already have a real estate business. But maybe they're only buying two, three properties a year and they're coming to you because they want to start learning how to buy ten properties every month. And without the right skill sets that your training offers, there's no way they can do that right.
So here's a consequence: all right, let's say that in that conversation you've had with them, they've told you that they're losing a lot of deals because they don't have access to capital. So, whatever problems they have, their main problems they've told you in that conversation from your questioning, you're going to customize the consequence question to that because it makes them feel like you actually understand their unique situation. You don't want to make that cookie-cutter or generic. Okay, but what happens if you... Now, I want you to pay attention... my tone? Because with consequence questions, you're going to start off with a skeptical tone to raise their emotions, and then you're going to end that with more of a... tone. So I want you to pay attention to my tone and how it shifts here.
Okay, but what happens if you don't do anything about this? You keep losing these good deals because you don't have access to capital. What happens at that point? Concern tone. Pay attention. What happens if you don't do anything about this? See, that's skeptical, challenging. Okay, but on the flip side, what happens if you don't do anything about this? You keep losing these good deals because you simply don't have access to capital. Like what? What happens to your business? At that point. Concerned tone. All right. Or let's say, if they're a nine to five person, okay, they're still in a job for this industry. Pay attention to my tone. Okay. But on the flip side, what happens if you don't do anything about this?
You just stay in the same job, same income, another three, five, even ten years from now. Like what? What happens to you at that point? Lowering my voice into that concern tone. See what I did there? Okay. Now, let's say they come back and they say, well, I don't know. I guess I'll just have to figure something out because that could happen. Well, do you want to have to go through all that if you... If you didn't have to, concerned tone. Now, nobody's gonna say, yes, I'd love to go through all that. They'll be like, no, if I didn't have to, okay? Because I'm using a, I mean, do you, look at my hand. You can even put your hand on your chest, especially if they can see you.
I mean, do you... do you want? to have to go through all that if you if you didn't have to? See, even when you use your hand there, if they can visually see you on Zoom, okay, they're going to interpret that that you're more concerned for them rather than me going like this, okay? I can use my hand here. Do you want? to have to go through all that if you, I mean, if you didn't have to. And they're interpreted that you're actually concerned for them, which is probably a good thing for you if you're in sales. You want them to trust you, right? Okay, let's say if you sold like you know fitness or weight loss coaching programs that's part of the high ticket space as well.
We train thousands in this space here. Let's say that the prospect has been using all these different diets, but say they're 90 pounds overweight. I'm throwing that in here. Okay, but on the flip side, what if you don't do anything about this? You stay on these diets that, like you mentioned, haven't worked. And you keep gaining weight. How would you lose weight? At that point, see Concerned Tone. Now, If they come back and say, well, I don't know. I just have to figure something out. You can also use this. Well, are you? Are you willing to subdue for that? Well, no. I mean, well, if I have to, I don't know. Well, if I have to, I would. You can say, well, whose choice is it if you... Settle or not?
Or whose choice is it if you don't lose the weight? Right? See, concern tone. Okay, here's another version of that. Let's say, in this example, they're on the call with you or on Zoom with you, because they say there are 130 35 pounds overweight, they're in their late 40s, and they feel like, if they don't start losing this weight, they might not be around 10 years from that point to walk. His two daughters down the aisle at their wedding, right? Because if they're way overweight, could cause strokes, heart attacks, as you know, right? Big problems. Okay, but on the flip side, John, what if you don't do anything about this? You don't lose 135 pounds. How would you be able to live long enough? To walk both of your daughters down the aisle.
Concerned tone. How would you, at that point, be able to live long enough to be around to walk them down the aisle? Concern tone, okay? That causes the prospect to feel like you understand their situation, that you actually care about them, okay? That causes emotional attachment with you. Probably a good thing for you as a salesperson to get your prospect to feel like they can trust you, right? How about if you sell dating coaching? Like, if you... You're a coach that helps men find the woman of his dreams, or maybe he wants to go on a bunch of different dates, but he has a hard time talking to women at socials. scenes, something like that. Okay, but on the flip side, Josh, what if you don't do anything about this?
You don't learn what to say and ask when you meet women socially that you want to date. What? What are the consequences for you at that point? What if you don't do anything about this? You don't learn what to say and ask when you meet these women that you're really wanting to date. How will you ever be able to get... married. Concern tone, okay? Okay, or you can simply, sometimes you can lean in and just be vague like this. What if you don't do anything about this? Concern tone. See, I can do that as well, alright? Let me give you another example here. Let's say if you sell like marriage or relationship coaching, okay? And their problems are— they're fighting. They don't feel connected. There's tension in the home with the kids.
Like all this kind of stuff. Their marriage is on the brink of destruction. Okay, but Sally, on the flip side, what happens to your marriage if you don't learn the necessary skill sets to stop the arguments? All the tension in the home. And both of you keep filling. disconnected. What would happen then? See, concern tone. All right. I start off skeptical. I want to raise their emotion, their emotional state, and I'm going to end with a concerned tone. Your tone helps control how the prospect reacts to you because they're interpreting what you're saying, the words you're saying, and what you're asking. They're interpreting your intention behind that by how your tone comes across. Flipside. What happens to your marriage, Cindy, if you don't learn the necessary skill sets to stop the arguments and then the tension in the home and both you and your husband keep feeling disconnected?
What would happen then? Okay. Concern tone. All right. All right. Hope those tips helped you. If you sell in the high ticket coaching space, I could actually show you about 12,000 other things and tips that you're going to need to understand if you want to start making $20,000 a month in that industry or 30 or 40 or 50, even $60, $80,000. Plus, per month in your industry, we are already training hundreds, if not thousands, of people in your space who are making that amount of money every single month when they first came to us. We're barely getting by. So you want to acquire those skills, make sure you join our free Facebook group. We'll show you a little bit more in there.
And then, if you want to book with one of our account managers to get into our advanced training programs that are industry-specific as well, just reach out to us in the Facebook group and we will see if we can help you. Hope that helped you today. Now, if you're wanting to learn how to sell more of your products and services than you are now, join our free Facebook group. Go to www. salesrepair. com. SalesRevolution. pro. We should have a link on here somewhere. SalesRevolution . pro. Right when you join the SalesRevolution . pro Facebook group, because we've got... thousands of entrepreneurs and there are thousands of salespeople like you, thousands of coaches, consultants, executives in there that want to sell more. Right when you join, check your DMs.
We're going to message you. Some of my team's going to message you a free training called the NAPQ 101 mini course. It's going to give you a list of different questions and phrases you can use in any sales situation. That alone is going to help you sell more than what you're doing now. And we go live in the Facebook group about three to four times a week with different subject matter trainings, different Q & A's, different client interviews that will also help you sell more. Join the Facebook group, salesrevolution. pro. See you there.