56 - How Id Rebuild a $100M Business from Scratch (7 Minute Step-by-Step Plan) - YouTube.mp4
If I lost everything and had to rebuild a hundred million dollar business from scratch, this is what I'd actually do. Come over here, okay. Now the first thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna actually find somebody that can run the business right. Because if I need to find like somebody, like a business partner, real quick, that is actually good at running the day-to-day operations, I'm gonna partner with that person. Because if I'm setting her down in the weeds trying to run everything right, and I can't really focus on what my strengths are—which, in my case, would obviously be like training salespeople, selling, and recruiting. and I'm doing everything, it's just going to hold me up. It's going to take way too long.
So I would always want to and you should find somebody who has strengths where you're weak at. So if you're really good at operations, okay, but you're not very good at communicating. you would do the vice versa. You'd find somebody who's really good at communication or marketing or sales because you want to have that other, the yin to the yang, if that makes sense. So that's the first thing I'm going to do right there. Now what I'm also going to do is I'm going to probably hire like some type of marketing person, okay? Because I've got to be able to place some ads, and maybe I don't specialize in that because I don't want to really like... Screw up through trial and error, go through a lot of money, and hope and pray it works out.
I want to hire an expert who actually can market my business. I'm also gonna get a videographer real quick. I guess Nick, you know, you wouldn't have existed, but now I'd find Nick over here, you know. And I'd get a videographer because you gotta film that stuff, right? You've got to be out in the market if nobody. You have the greatest product or service or thing. But if nobody... See the thing, if nobody knows who you are, because you're not on video, that's going to be hard for you to really grow the business back, okay? That's the first thing I'm going to do. Now, the second thing I'm going to do is... I'm going to run ads and I'm going to promote some type of workshop or masterclass.
Now, some of this that I'm showing you is going to depend on your industry that you're in on what I would do. But for what I do, my industry, this is what I'm going to do. Some of this will apply to you. So I'm going to run some type of workshop or masterclass. I'm going to run ads promoting that. I'm going to try to get as many people there as I can. Let's say if I can get a thousand people. And it's just a virtual thing, okay? I can do it virtually. You can do it live if you want. That's probably going to be more money. Virtually is going to be cheaper, less overhead. So you're going to do it virtually. Okay. Hey guys, Jeremy Miner here.
Look, a lot of you leave comments wanting me to help you sell more. So the easiest way to get ahold of me, the quickest way is to text me. So text me right now. It's 480-637-2944. Listen, I started this company to help you learn how to close more deals, but do it the right way. and on that workshop on that master class at the end of it, I'm going to make some type of offer. Okay, so let's say, if I do a two-day workshop towards maybe an hour in, you know, hour and a half in on day two, I'm going to make some type of offer. Okay. So let's say that I know how to communicate. I know how to make good offers. I know how to frame those offers.
A lot of it's about framing, okay? And let's say that in that group that I have, I end up profiting $200,000 to $500,000. I'm just giving you an example. Could be less, could be more. So let's say I profit $250,000 to $500,000. I'm not going to go out and buy a roll. And a Bentley with that. I'm immediately going to take pretty much all that money. Besides, I guess I would need food, right? Maybe I'd live in a tent. And I'm going to reinvest into more acts, okay. And I'm gonna do another workshop and master class probably two to three weeks later because I need some time. You know, maybe I'll get the marketing guy building some ads, some you know I've got to shoot some videos.
So two to three weeks later I'm gonna take all of this and reinvest it back. And now I'm gonna do more ads, I'm gonna drive more what we call traffic okay to the next workshop or master class okay. Now, let's say I double my profits. Okay. Basically, what I'm going to do at that point is I'm going to also actually come back to here. When I run this second masterclass or workshop, because I have some money, I'm probably going to hire a couple of salespeople and I'm going to have them call leads who didn't buy from that masterclass. Let's say, if I make an extra hundred or 200,000 from that. Now I've got more profit to reinvest into more ads, okay? To drive more traffic to my masterclass, my workshop, my thing, okay?
Probably at that point as well, because I've got customers now. I need to have somebody in fulfillment that can get them onboarded. There's emails that have to go out, there's maybe an onboarding call or an onboarding Zoom session or something. Right. So I've got to onboard them. Because if you just make a great offer, make a lot of sales, but then it's chaotic on the back end, customers aren't gonna like that, it's not good for them, and some of them aren't gonna want your thing, and they're gonna charge you back. You don't want that at all. Okay. Probably also going to hire a customer service rep with that money to make sure they're responding to emails, by keeping the customers happy. That's what it's all about. Okay, now.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to keep doubling down, doubling down. Keep doing these workshops or master classes every two to three weeks until I probably have at least a million dollars net profit. Now, what I'm going to do with that, I'm going to reinvest probably 95% of that, 98% of that. And what am I going to do? I'm going to keep doubling down. Hire more salespeople. I'm going to get my videographer to be full-time with me now because I've got the funds. Probably need some ops people. Probably some people to start handling the finance because I don't like that. I don't want to deal with that stuff, okay? I'm probably going to hire an outbound team, more salespeople. Inbound team to get book calls, so I'm going to keep doing those master classes those workshops.
But maybe instead of doing them once every few weeks, I'm going to do them once every four to six weeks or eight weeks. However, I'm also going to drive traffic and I'm going to retarget. I'm going to do reels. I'm going to do YouTube videos, maybe like you're watching me here, and we're going to retarget that traffic with ads. And keep driving them. Some of them are going to go to master classes, they're going to go to workshops, or they might even book a call because now they're like, 'Hey, I need this person's help. This person is an expert in their thing.' I don't know how to do the thing. I've got some problems. I've got some issues. I need to be a lot better.
And they're going to book calls with your inbound team. They're going to go through options to get started. Now, for my industry, this is what I'm going to do. Over and over again. If that ever happened to me now. I don't believe in plan B's. I only follow plan A, so that's not going to happen. If it ever did. That's what I would do. Hope that helped you. Now, if you have questions about what I just covered, or if you're like, 'Hey, I don't understand this,' or if you're a salesperson, like you get this objection. I don't know how to overcome it. I'm actually going to give you my number. Unless you text me, okay? Text me at this number, 480-637. 2944 and just ask me any question. I'll get back to you typically within one or two days. And if you want more training like this, what should you do? Hit the subscribe button. My only thing I'm going to warn you is. Don't share this channel with your competitors. You do not want them to know what I'm going to train you here on this channel. Until the next video, I'll see you then.