47 - How To Build Your Dream Sales Team - YouTube.mp4
If you're a sales leader and you know that you're looking for real results, not hype, not motivation, because you know it wears off, Drew, you talk to a lot of organizations all the time. What are you seeing out there? Like you said, I talk to sales leaders across every industry on a daily basis from very small to multi-billion dollar companies. And I think what all of them have shared is that they have their top maybe 10 to 20%, but they can't find consistency across the team while producing at that same level. Yeah, exactly. And typically, the main reason is because they're teaching them what to say, but not really how to say it. They have like a script where they sound like a telemarketer because, you know, as you know, and I'm going to talk to you guys.
Have you ever wondered why your salespeople selling the same thing, same price points to the same prospects using the same script get completely different results? Like, how is that even possible? And the main reason is because most of the time the framework they have is not necessarily the best one because it's not rooted in human behavior. But it's not really just the script or the framework. It's how they're coming across. It's how they're asking the questions, the tonality, the body language, even the facial expressions. And because they don't understand the psychology behind why they're asking the questions in the first place, they come off inauthentic, unnatural, almost like a telemarketer. You know what I'm talking about?
And that's the biggest reason I would say that companies come to us in all spaces is because they want to master how to help their reps understand how the prospects think. Using our methodology, NEPQ, Neuro Emotional Persuasion Questioning. Okay, Neuro stands for the brain, how it works in conjunction with the nervous system to get the prospect scaled down. Because, as you know, if we can't even get the prospect scarred down, they never open up to us and tell us what's really going on. It's kind of like the biggest thing I would say our clients say to us. The thing I always remember that they say is that the company's training before NEPQ felt like they were riding a bike around like a Formula One race, and now they're like driving a Ferrari.
Like, you know it, you're the director of revenue growth now, but you used to be a client a few years ago. What was the difference for you? Yeah, I think the biggest shift is not only the right questions to ask but the how to deliver it, right And it makes such a more human connection on the other side. And the reps aren't pushing someone into something, but more guiding and leading them to it. It's getting the prospect to persuade themselves, getting the prospect to pull your reps in rather than them pushing and pressuring. And Tony Robbins said it best; I like to take it a step further. He says in order to influence at the highest level for your reps to sell at the highest level, they have to master the art of emotionally connecting with that other human being or human beings where that prospect or prospects feels like that rep understands them, their needs, their desires, their wants, even their fears without buying into their story.
I need to think it over. I need to do more research. I need to get more quotes. I need to keep looking around. So how do they emotionally connect? And that's that unique balance that companies come to us to get their reps really to master. And it's not even really even to like make everybody a top 1% rep. They come to us with how do I take my reps that we're about to fire and teach them the skills to make them at least average? How do I take my average reps, get them the skills they need to get good? And how do I take our good reps and get them the skills so they become great? And when that happens, you know, when everybody moves up the pecking chain order, big sales start to happen.
Hey guys, Jeremy Miner here. Look, a lot of you leave comments wanting me to help you somewhere. So the easiest way to get ahold of me, the quickest way is to text me. So text me right now. It's 480-637-2944. So 480-637-2944. Listen, I started this company to help you learn how to close more deals, but do it the right way. Text me right now. Let's get back to the training video. Yeah, everybody's winning then. We started seeing faster ramp times and really more consistent results month over month. We had more reps that were hitting quota and more importantly, like our clients felt like they were receiving value and being valued in that client conversation. Depending on the industry, we consistently always hear that refund rates get chopped in half, if not more, or people that want to cancel get chopped in half or more because we're training the reps how to get the prospect to persuade themselves on why they want to do it,
whereas most sales training is teaching like you're going to push and pressure them into doing it. And what I always say, you know, is selling something that you do to people or is selling something you do for people. You're doing it for them because if you don't sell them, you have that more obligation. What happens? Their problems stay the same and nothing ever changes. Yeah. And it's true value; they feel that across the other side of Zoom or in person or whatever your sales process is that the tonality and the methodology behind it comes through clear. Yeah. The phone, Zoom, in person doesn't really matter; it's kind of all over the board at this point. Yeah. So if you're in the same spot and you're looking at driving consistency across your team, this is really something you should look into.
Yeah, and look, you're a smart leader that's leading the sales teams. You're a high-level individual. You're leading the team, that's why you're in that position. So we can show you how we could actually roll this into your organization. We already do with companies in your space, salespeople in your space all day long, and we can show you how it can also work for you. So easiest way to get some details about how that can help you guys kind of get where you're wanting to go, no matter the size of your company We're in every company from like an entrepreneur that might have no salespeople or one salesperson to SMB to mid-level all the way up to the enterprise level at every pretty much industry at this point. Comment the words team training. Comment the words team training in the comments below and somebody in our team will get back to you to see how we could possibly help. Talk to you soon.