2 - Cherrington Media Launch Plan.mp4

What's up guys, so this launch plan super super special. This is a client that we are continuing to scale to this day. Um, doing massive massive numbers with, and um, to give you a little bit of context, they um, when they came to us, they were doing about... $ 400 to $500,000 a month in spend across like eight to nine other agencies. And, you know, we really came in there and... I essentially crushed all these other agencies with our creative capabilities, just some of the CRO that we've done and all that. So this is something that I'm super. Proud of this is really just how you scale— you know, an offer to to that very next level so yeah.

You guys really are getting a treat to see how some of the biggest offers in the game scale. So like always, we have our executive summary, product and offers, competitors, funnel review, projections, creative strategy. Campaign rollout, risks and proposed solutions. Um... So Adam really came to us. He wanted to get back to 10K a day on YouTube and Facebook while maintaining a reasonable CPA and a blended cash collected ROAS. That was solid. So you had a $67 front end, um, a $297 OTL one. Um, he didn't have a bump offer at this point. We ended up installing a bump offer 47 a month. It's been uh, wildly successful. It's like an 80% take rate currently, so really good. Um, OTO two is $97 or to pay a 57% OTO three is, um, $97.

Or to pay a $50 and then he has multiple different upsells. So there's a $13,000, $25,000, $40,000, 25 ,000, 40 ,000 and a $60,000 program. He also has a million-dollar offer from there. Let's dive into his tier one client. So his tier one client is an affiliate marketer. They're 40 to 50 years old who were successful before the Facebook algorithm changes, but have really struggled to recover. They have a career and want to supplement their income for retirement or family expenses. Um, so, you know, you have your goals, you have your fears. They really wanted to rebuild a successful online business, create a sustainable income. Um, regain their confidence and their marketing abilities, so to kind of dive back into this.

We went over this in the course. You're going to have tier one, tier two, tier three clients. Tier one clients are going to be. Some of your... um, your best clients, they should have the highest lifetime value. And, um, you know, the biggest... the biggest ratio between LTV and CAC. So these tier one people are going to be able to pay you the most. They're worth the most. They're usually the best types of clients. So really understanding who those people are. Is it huge? So you know the advantages of the product to promote. You know the invisible affiliate system offers a new proven traffic source that can help them regain success in affiliate marketing achieve financial freedom. Um, all of that. Then you have tier two.

So the stage of awareness, they're aware of the concept of affiliate marketing, but not really familiar with the specifics of the invisible affiliate system. You know, they're 45 to 65 years old. 50-50, male versus female. Seeking to increase their income to accelerate retirement or enhance their family's lifestyle. They've tried things before, but it hasn't worked. You know, will I be able to figure this out? How hard is it? Some of the goals, they have supplement income for retirement or for family expenses. They need to achieve financial freedom and regain success in affiliate marketing. Some of their fears, they won't be able to retire. They're going to end up stuck or broke. Then you have tier three. So tier three, like I said, like you really ideally want to stay in the tier one, tier two category.

Especially when you have high ticket. So when you get into like tier three. Um... You're going to have people that. really aren't the best fit. And they don't have the money—really— to afford your higher-end programs. You know, programs so they're aspiring affiliate marketers. They're either younger with limited financial resources and less experience in affiliate marketing. They have financial objections. The older ones have tech skills. Younger are skeptical. For the goals, they're looking to increase income to accelerate retirement, enhance family lifestyle, and achieve financial freedom. Older affiliates fear that they can't do it due to the tech issues. Younger ones fear losing all their money. So ideally, we are not targeting this tier three type prospect, we want to stay away from them. And this was— we had a tier four as well.

I wouldn't worry too much about this. We don't do that anymore. So now, inside the tiers, you're going to have your actual, you know, ICPs. You're going to have your buyer avatar. So you have Freddie, the former affiliate, you know, so Freddie is a 42-year-old former affiliate marketer. He had some success and was doing well, but when the Facebook crash happened, he lost his affiliate income and hasn't been able to get back to it. Um, Freddie hasn't heard of this program before, you know, is this working now or did it work in 2020? So Freddie is problem-aware and solution-aware about affiliate marketing opportunities, but not about the invisible affiliate system you know. The goals of rebuilding a successful online business, some of his fears— he has a fear of failure, uncertainty about the current affiliate marketing landscape, the advantage is to promote unique and an innovative approach, stand out in a crowded market.

He has testimonials to show new client successes. Um, you know, low upfront core cost. Then you have the Maggie, the mompreneur. So Maggie is a 42-year-old woman of two kids, working a nine-to-five, but wants to make an extra income to cover all the kids' Growing expenses. Maggie's problem-aware and solution-aware. She wants to have no limits on the activities the kids want to pursue. So, you know, writing some of the scripts towards this actual avatar and, you know, diving into that. You might have a... Um, like some of the scripts that we've written in the past, uh, have gone towards, you know, 'Hey, this woman was 43 years old. She was able to, um, quit her nine to five and spend all of her time with kids and take them to six flags and do X, Y, and Z.

You know, stuff like that. You have Bill, the budget buster. Bill is problem-aware. He wants to recoup his investment in 30 to 60 days. He wants to pay off his debts. Eventually, he replaces 9 to 5 and surpasses current income. He's been skeptical of all the online biz claims, wonders if this is a scam. You got Alex the Hustler. Alex is a 26-year-old manager of the pizza store. He's a hard worker who wants a time of financial freedom offered by online businesses. You know, Alex is skeptical of all the online business claims and wonders if this is a scam. He wants financial stability to start a savings. He's getting scammed or losing money online about his fears. You have Bob, the soon-to-be retiree. You know, Bob is in his late 50s.

He's always on the lookout for the latest and greatest business opportunity. His retirement is on the horizon. He knows that his retirement income will not afford him the life he desires. So really mapping these out and working with your copywriters to flesh out the concepts to go after these avatars. And this is important. Um, You you have to write to a certain avatar. You really need to understand the avatar when you are, you know, working with these types of people. So let's go over the competitor's analysis slash research. So you have Keala Kanai, Full Stack Marketer, Greg Gottfried, Douglas James, Jeff Lerner, Mickelson Twins, John Crestani, Pat Flynn. A whole bunch of guys on here are already clients of ours. We know the business opportunity space very well.

So now you have the funnel review. Making sure that you have all of your conversion events set up correctly. Now we did have the baseline metrics for these. So we're able to project forward. So you kind of see the month one, month two, month three metrics. These are super important. You have to establish a baseline and understand where you're actually coming from. Um, whenever you're doing this so whether or not you have already ran ads you know if you haven't ran ads before you want to set up a worst case average case and best case scenario if you you know haven't like if you haven't ran ads you need to establish that like what is you know what is my worst case scenario on this where do I actually need to be on the you know the cost per click Where do I need to be on the front end conversion rate?

Where do I need to be on upsell one, upsell two? If I'm not, what happens? How much money can I stand to lose? One of the big things that I think has helped me be successful in life is just I always look at my downside. Okay, so what is my downside on anything? So I'll give you guys an example. When I first really started having some success... and in my agency. So, and to give you guys kind of the timeline, if you didn't go through my hedge fund acquisition engine yet, I had a bunch of success when I was younger. I made my first million bucks by the time I was 21. Then I lost it all, got my initial fan pages banned. And then got my merchant accounts shut down as well.

So it wasn't until I started an agency and actually started doing this for people that I started making a lot of money again. So when I started making a lot of money again, I didn't ever want to go through that. Having to essentially sell my stuff. You know, when I made all that money, I went out, bought a whole bunch of stupid shit. And I didn't want to go out and have to do that again. So when I went out and I bought my office building that I'm in right now. I said, 'Hey, what is my downside? How do I mitigate against my downside?' And I actually underwrote the whole property. And I, you know, I bought a two-family, well, essentially a mixed-use building.

Um, downstairs is commercial where I kept my office, and then my upstairs I rent it so I knew at this point my mortgage was going to be about $3,500. I knew that I could get about $2, 400 if I redid the upstairs apartment. In which I did, I put about. $30,000 to redo the upstairs apartment. I rented it for $2,400 a month, and essentially I was out of pocket, only $1,100, and obviously that would come down every single year as well. Because the rent would go up. And, you know, my mortgage would essentially stay the same. So I knew, worst case scenario, cool. I'm going to have to come up with $1,100 a month. And, you know, would I be able to do that versus like, hey, if everything goes to shit, the last thing I want to do is have to come up with $3,500 and I don't have it. And now I'm, you know, kind of stuck with this. You know, this office building and, and all that. So. Uh, super key. Really understand your worst-case scenario and what it actually looks like. So we map all that out.

And that really allows you to understand where you're going to be and project forward. So in the average-case scenario for month one, we're projecting metrics close to the current baseline with a 20K per month. Ad spend, we're projecting a CPC of $5, an opt-in rate of 25%, and a front-end conversion rate of 4. 2%. Which should result in a CPA of $476. Which is lower than the current baseline. With these metrics, we should be able to liquidate 42% of the ad spend. We're also projecting 74 book calls and a close rate of 13%, which should result in $47,349 in gross revenue. $25,000 in net revenue, 2. 37 ROAS. So we did best case scenario, average case scenario, and you guys can have, I'm not going to read through every single one of these. You guys can obviously go through this. Um, and then we did the same thing for YouTube. So YouTube was another big piece that we scaled did very, very well for us.

So set the average case scenario, best case scenarios, all that. And then we had our creative strategy and this is really where we've shined, um, with our creative. Okay. So, you know, the answer to all your affiliate prayers, this is one of the scripts that we did. Retirement doesn't mean struggle. Affiliate income without. Contrarian CB and Facebook are not it. Affiliate Blue Ocean, don't build from scratch. Isn't it maddening? Some succeed, some struggle. Here's some of the images that we did. And then, we essentially from there, we have our Facebook budget, $666. 7 cents. We did our creative testing. A bunch of different audiences that we tested, affiliate marketing, digital marketing, email marketing, business, passive income, lead generation.

And you had your YouTube campaign rollout. Now YouTube initially, there wasn't a ton of budget there. We were mainly focusing on Facebook. We ended up hitting a... Big home run on YouTube. We had a couple really good... And creatives that hit very hard, which we scaled up to about a half a million dollars a month. So the biggest risk that we were running into was compliance. So we've identified non-compliant language used on the funnel and in the creatives. With the expertise of our team, we could easily fix the language on the funnel level to make it compliant. Our creative team will also write scripts for ads that are compliant so we don't face any ad rejections on any platform. You know, so create a scorecard that would objectively score each script based on five different factors.

Running a weekly report on the adequate quality. And then, so you guys realize, like, this is where your project manager comes in and make sure that we can actually. You know, manage these. Create a volume. If we don't get 30 creative concepts filmed and launched every single month, you know, ideally two people we talk to from your team would film. 20 creators per month. Get on a call with both the team members. You know, number two, we have it. At least five fully filmed creatives by two people. Number three, work on creative curiosity based image ads. Um, then the SQL setup, making sure that 95% of the book calls we get SQL data on. So sales qualified lead data. So, um...

yeah, we we essentially went over that and this has been uh pretty big so we fixed the main things that we did. We fixed compliance across the ads and the funnel. We executed week by week post-launch plan and audience build out. Um, so back-end sales grew from 68 to 124 per month, an 82% jump. Back-end revenue nearly doubled from $474,000 to $980,000. Total row as climbed from 0. 27 baseline to 2. 10 x within three months. Net profit rose from $294,000 to $580,000 over the same period. period. And then, essentially, you know, where we're at now, we're anywhere from $2. 2 to about $2. 5 million a month in revenue. So we've scaled up obviously much further from, you know, where we are currently. So, um, you know, back in leverage, we had much more predictability but a lot more scalability. And yeah, this is one of our best launch plans that we've done. And it's been very, very, very good. So hopefully, you guys enjoyed. I'm sure you guys will see his ads all over the place.