4. Deep Dive - Launch Plan Template.mp4

What's up guys? To kick this product off, we are going to go over our launch plan template. Essentially, all the pieces in it, how we use it across our agency, why it's important, and all that. I want to preface this and say, so... Just to give you guys like a little insight into the company and kind of how it's evolved and like, why this launch plan template is important. So when I first got started with our agency, we started out of a pretty much like 150 square foot office that I rented. Pretty much a closet of an office. I ended up hiring three media buyers. We worked all out of that office. And then I ended up buying. Office building down the street from there.

Pretty much built out the whole office, bought all the desks, had about 10 to 15 people. Every day, people come into the office. And then, COVID hit, and we went all remote. And one of the things that really has helped us launch clients successfully on time, every single time. Actually, scaling up scaling them up is this launch plan template. So, this launch plan template will really help you. Get your whole team aligned. Get everybody on the same page. You know, do the research. Make sure that your forecasting is is set up correctly and that you're really going to be all aligned on what you're trying to do. Okay. So... We have many different stakeholders. You guys might not have that many people in your company, but we have a project manager essentially that oversees task management.

Timelines make sure that everything is you know moving along. Highly recommend you get this role if you don't have it in your company. You get somebody for cheap to be honest. With you probably get somebody for a thousand dollars a month overseas and they're super worth it. Uh, I have ADHD to the max and it's It's a huge proponent of making sure everything runs on time. As you will see with this whole template, there's a lot that is involved. There's a lot of different people involved in this process. Number two is the process manager. So they are the one kind of optimizing this process, ensuring KPI achievement, identifying areas for process improvement. All that. Then you have the salesperson, the person that actually closed the deal.

You know, if you're not running an agency, this isn't going to matter. You know, you're not going to have a salesperson. You're launching this for your own offer, you're going to have a senior media buyer. Okay, and this is, let me make this a little bit smaller. So you will have a senior media buyer. They are conducting the media buyer research and performing the competitor analysis. They are going to build the actual media plans. You're going to have a junior media buyer. They are going to execute and manage the campaigns initiated by the senior media buyer. You're going to have a GMM. So the GMM, the growth marketing manager, is the strategist. Okay. So if you are in a smaller company, that's most likely going to be you.

If you're the best strategist, like digital marketing strategist, marketer, CMO-type person in your company, that's going to be you anyway. Um, pretty much, you know, in any company that I would go in, I'm pretty much going to. to be that person, that person, um, approving stuff. So define strategic direct direction, prove scorecards and shares alignment with growth goals, run off and launch calls, uh, creative strategists so they are coming up with all the creative strategy, um, you know, the actual ideation, um, they're collaborating with the media buyers and copywriters, uh, make sure that the creative concepts align with the strategy and the market trends, all that. Then you have the copywriter. They are actually writing the copy, the video scripts, the videographer. Actually, I will update this. This is actually a video editor.

So they edit all the raw footage to add content, and then you have a data analyst. So obviously there's a lot of people in this process. If you're not running an ad agency, don't worry. You don't need this many people. You could probably get it done with— know a couple people, a project manager, a media buyer, and yourself— and you'll be perfectly fine. If you have a bigger agency like we do, you'll be aware that you know need all these different rules kind of built out and all that. For us, we like to understand the external stakeholders. So, you know, hey, you have a CEO, executive assistant, sales manager, sales and marketing ops. Just to understand what they do, we usually fill this out. Then you're going to have the client name and details for us.

We build this out: the client name, contract length, retainer, who is the salesperson, the sales call recording, and then the archetype— just kind of what we're dealing with there. What are they actually doing? You're going to have the executive summary. Um, so the executive summary is aligning with what you're actually looking to do. So for a lot of our clients, we want. to make sure that, hey, whatever the salesperson says that we are looking to do or whatever the salesperson agrees to, that we are transferring that over into. the launch plan, we're all on the same page. Okay. So the last thing you want is, and this is, this is really across the team. The last thing you want is the CEOs.

saying hey you know we want to hit a million dollars a month and then your team only you know is like oh cool we want a 3x row as well you might hit a 3x row as but you might not get enough volume to actually hit the profit goals that you need to hit. So you really want to make sure that you understand the high-level goal of what you're trying to do. You can fill that out there. Then the product and offers. Especially across your team. If you are... Your team really needs to understand all of the product and offers that are actually in the funnel, okay? From the front end to the back end, how does that all work together? And putting everything down in this table. Uh, next tiers of clients. So this is very important. Uh, and I, and I think this is a huge unlock for a lot of people. So let me move.

So you really need to understand, like, who is your tier one person that you're going after, especially if you're dealing with. High ticket where I see so many people get, um, offers wrong is they don't really understand, like, who can pay them the most amount of money? So if you just kind of map out a bunch of avatars and it's like, oh, my avatar is, you know, 43 years old and, you know, they're in marketing and they have. a business, you know, an info product business versus, like, for us, we know that like, Hey, Russ Ruffino is a tier one type client. They have a $20 million consulting company, helping experts package their programs in a higher end offerings and helps them sign more clients through a sales funnel.

The LTV is $500,000 plus, sales cycles four days, the pains that they have, the pains that we solve, and then the total addressable market. The description, the objections that they're going to have, the stage of awareness. The goals, the fears, and the advantages of the product to promote. So really breaking this out allows you to see, like, who, who do I really want to talk to? Who do I really want to bring in for this funnel? Okay. Because you could bring in a whole bunch of Tier 3 type people and actually lose money. So, like, like for us, Tier one and Tier two actually make us money. And since, you know, we're, we're a service-based, um, you know, company. Like we need people that can scale.

Like that's where we make our money. When we get stuck, and I wouldn't even say stuck, but... You know, when we bring on Tier 3... type clients. They don't scale, which means we don't make, we don't make money. Like, we don't make money on our retainer just because of all of the effort that we put in all the time and you know, money with the creative and all that, like. We just don't make any money unless a client scales. So we are very hyper-focused on Tier 1 clients. You need to just understand, like, what is that What does that actually look like for you? And I see that so many times where people just miss this, where they are just going to do, you know, avatar analysis, but they're not actually looking at, what is a tier one, tier two type client look like for me?

Then once you're done, you could kind of map that out. So it's like, Hey, I have, um, I have a tier one... Type client. And then you can map out different avatars for that person. So usually we're going to have our copywriter actually map that out. Then from there, you're going to do your competitors analysis research. So from here, we're going to actually map out all of their competitors, their direct competitors, their indirect competitors. Essentially, their company URL, their Facebook URL, how many Facebook followers do they have, what's their actual YouTube look like. So this was for a business opportunity offer. Then we mapped out. How many YouTube followers? What are the top ads? What are the top landing pages? What are the key messages they're running?

And this kind of gives you a lay of the land of what's actually going on. So the next step of the launch process is understanding. Stages of awareness and lead types. So really there's about five different stages of awareness and six different lead types that we actually use. And this is a big step that I think a lot of newer marketers miss and some more advanced marketers miss too. So where they might go and run a... You know, story-based lead. For an offer that's B2B, that needs a more offer-style lead where it's like, 'Hey, here's everything you're going to get.' And um, here's exactly how to get it right now, and here's here's the actual price. You know, I've made this mistake too, and just mapping this out and understanding exactly what you're going through.

Then we actually have— we've set up a whole tracking system around this for our agency, where we're able to track the stage of awareness and lead type for all of our creatives. And we're actually able to drill down and see which stage of awareness and lead type is getting the highest win rate. Um, you know, you you guys don't need to go that deep if you do actually end up working with us that's something you will get. But this is something your copywriter needs to understand. And if you're the copywriter, if you're just the lone wolf right now, understand what are you... actually leading with, if it's a B2B offer. Um, you know, if they are aware of the product or service you want to be a little bit more direct here's exactly what you're going to get, you know, get a complete growth engine audit for your online business.

For just $9. 97. And if we can't show you how to double your ROAS in 90 days, you pay nothing. Versus, you know, going down the ladder. And maybe you're going to a 45-minute VSL. You're going to want to go with a little bit more of a story lead. Maybe a little bit more curiosity-based and sell the click a little bit more. And just get a much higher CTR and let the VSL do the selling. So this is really where the copywriter is going to fill that out. They're going to have a couple of different leads. Then from there, you're going to set up your tracking, um, with your ad account. So we use Hyros, um, and Google Tag Manager, and we just map out everything. And this is something.

You know, especially when you're working with remote people, sometimes you'll, you'll miss things. This just makes it much easier. Have everything in a structured view. So cool. What is the page type? You know, what is the event name? You know, if you're running multiple traffic sources, having everything in one spot makes it very, very easy to understand where everything is. And then, when, if you ever, you know, bring somebody on and they're wondering, 'oh, where's the tracking?' Cool. Everything is documented. This is something I did not do. When I first got started online, I did not do a good job of documentation. And it took me a very long time to sort through the mess. All of my funnels.

So all of the different tracking, I had Infusionsoft and ClickFunnels and this merchant account and this Google Tag Manager and that Google Tag Manager and bringing on new people, it was a nightmare because they had to sort through the mess. So now we have... everything built out in a marketing playbook, every single funnel is fully documented. Um, You know, we have everything super organized and tabular views. As you can tell, I love tabular views. Just makes it very easy to read. Everything's very organized. And you know, cool, here's all the pages. Here's all the conversion events. And it's all in one place. Makes it super, super easy. The next process is our marketing qualified lead process. So you are going to come up with, if you are doing any type of sales call, you're going to come up with about two to three questions. That will allow you to quantify the quality of the call.

So... And I'll, you guys will have access to this document, but essentially just some of the questions, you know, what is your current business revenue level? What is your biggest business challenge right now? How long have you been in business? And then you're going to add everything up. So you. You'll have, like, a chart like this, you know, less than $2,500, worst fit. You're going to give them a minus one. Above 10K, great fit, one. And then you'll have a lead scoring key and then you'll be able to see cool non-qualified, um, marketing qualified and then we have SMQL. We just call this a super marketing qualified lead. And then you could actually this is a little bit more advanced, you could zap everything into Hyros and Do all of that.

Then the next step of that is the sales qualified lead process. So there's a lot of people get this confused. There's the marketing side where the marketing team is held to. Cool. We need to hit a MQL rate of 70%. And then, from there, you're going to have sales qualified leads. So, after somebody actually takes the call, you want them to fill out three to four questions based upon what makes that actual lead qualified. So this allows you to fully create full alignment with the marketing team, the sales team, and then you know— if you're running an agency, it creates full alignment with the client, so you're able to see cool. These calls are actually qualified. They should be closing.

And then the other thing is, if you have a longer sales cycle, you're going to see how much pipeline value you're actually building. So, We have this whole thing built out. You need a pipeline with all of your stages mapped out. And then you need questions that are already in your script and that you ask in the discovery process. So, you know, you'll be able to come up with these. These are just some questions for B2C. You have a scoring model. And then you could obviously have, you know, B2B. you know, what your company's annual revenue. Who's the final decision maker? What's the budget on this? What's the primary goal? And this gives you a much more definitive view of, Hey, how many sales qualified leads?

And this allows you to really hold your sales team accountable as well. You know, if you're getting. If you're getting a hundred calls to show up and 50% of them are SQLs, your sales team should at least be closing half of those at least. So just, you know, obviously there's, um, you might be higher than that. You know, I know some people who. want to be 70% to 75% of their SQLs are closing. If you have a much bigger deal size where maybe it's a half a million to a million dollars, we've worked with developers. in the space who, uh, you know, build homes, you know, uh, a million dollar house, $2 million house, there's financing involved. There's a lot, there's a much bigger sales cycle.

Looking for— you know— 40 to 50 percent of SQLs to actually close, but this gives you a much more objective view. I'm a very big proponent on everything being objective from a management standpoint and then from a tracking standpoint. It just makes it much easier to see throughout the funnel. Cool. We got a hundred leads. We got a hundred leads, and then we got 20 book calls out of those 20 book calls. Uh, 50% were marketing qualified out of those, um, you know, 10 book calls that were marketing qualified. 50% of them were SQLs. And then you could start, you know, tweaking levers and improving upon that, once you have your baseline. So you have access to this as well. We also call it our Blackstone Lead Tier Framework.

All right, so the next part of the process is our growth idea prioritization process. And essentially, internally, we call this the needle movers. And I want to move over to my playbook to kind of walk you through how we think about this. I look at everything through the lens of, 'Hey, we were investors. We're essentially deploying two types of capital. We have monetary capital and we have human capital.' To maximize our return on investment, we need to focus on identifying and investing in growth ideas that consistently yield the highest ROI. Within the shortest timeframe. Okay, so we need to balance, you know, the highest level. The highest levers we can pull against how many resources we actually have and the risks. So you have time to...

complete, internal stakeholders, project management risks, and then we're actually looking at capital allocation and return. So what are we actually looking at for the highest expected revenue impact? Um, you know how long is the payback period? Compound returns all that, and then we have the different categories. So we have sales funnel, cro media buying, creative sales, time cr, and then you have email marketing. So to really understand this, you really need to understand, like, what is a great needle mover versus a poor needle mover. For example, on the great needle mover side, we have test long form sales copy, case study, booking page. We want to model a page that we found from a buddy of ours. You know, the hypothesis is Patrick is saying he's getting $50 applications on this page and it's extremely well written.

So I believe we could drop our cost per book haul in half with a similar page. What is the specific metric you are looking to improve? Cost per market and qualified call. What is the last three-month baseline? This is important. Because we want to make sure that we can actually track. Um... against this, and then what is so? Like we used Hyros Scientific Mode. Then you have include Loom. So one of the things you want to make sure that you just shoot a little Loom that where you pulled the baseline data. So you can't, you know, sometimes. A platform will make an update or something will change and then you'll be like, 'Oh, I could have sworn it was, you know, $655.' And, you know, next time you pull the data, maybe it's $720 or you pull it the wrong way.

So we usually shoot a little Loom. Um... Then what do we actually forecast the metric to be at? So like, we're at 655, about $656. We think we're going to drop it to $300 or less. And then we're able to actually forecast in two different scenarios. What would that actually look like? Cool. We're going to make an extra $77,679 monthly. It's going to be pretty quick to complete. Um... You know, you do a little estimated hours to complete the project. Separate asana project risks, stakeholders, growth, lever, ice, scoring, and then capital allocation. Now this is extreme. Um, you don't need to go this crazy, but this will really allow you to get into the Investing mindset.

I see so many people who will go out there and they're like, 'Oh, yeah, you know, I just.' Change the color of my button to green and blah blah and not saying that stuff doesn't work, but like, Rolling out a new page, like with new copy, it's probably going to be a bigger needle mover than, you know, you just changing the color of a button. So like. I'll give you the example of a poor needle mover. You know, split test type form. I'd like to split test the amount of questions on the type form or reduce the amount they have to answer. By reducing the amount they have to answer, we should get an increased conversion rate. You know, what's the specific metric type form conversion rate? You know, 23% conversion rate.

You know, if you don't include the actual metrics with the looms, 27%, like, what does that actually mean? If you're not actually forecasting forward. You know, I believe it should take about 15 hours. You guys get the point. And then, you know, great new mover news. Great needle mover notes, why it's great. You have the defined hypothesis and rationale, impactful and metric target. You know, there's lack of strategic depth, all of that. So this is important. We do this right out of the gate in our 14-day launch plan for every single new client when we take them on. And then we actually do this as a monthly exercise. This really does two things. Obviously, it helps our clients tremendously.

We are able to get some very big split test wins and really focus on like one or two big needle movers. If we actually nail them, we might be able to drop the cost per book call in half, the cost per lead in half. It's not always media buying that's going to be the biggest needle mover there. So that's the first thing. The second thing is this allows me to see who on my team is actually being strategic, who can think, and who can move up in our agency. So, you know, are wrong. Um, people can either come in as a data analyst or a junior media buyer, and the growth path is all the way up to. We have a director of performance position that's pretty much.

Runs all the pods, but really, the growth path is to a growth marketing manager. The growth marketing manager runs one pod. It's essentially a mini agency. And this is a very big prerequisite that I'm looking for. Are people coming up with good needle movers? Do they understand marketing? Are they strategic? Do they... Can they actually make a difference here? And I'll dive into this um in a second for you guys. All right, so this will help you guys kind of see what we do for our needle mover session. I've hit the column with our clients, but this is an actual needle mover session that we did across our agency. Split test, three different leads, status completed, updates, description. Currently, the front-end conversion rate is dropping month over month, and in order to...

prove this metric, we could test three different VSL leads. So we actually rolled out these three different VSL leads and it didn't actually work. But the hypothesis was, you know, testing three different VSL leads could help us fire higher. Could help us find a higher converting version, which would bring down our CPA. You know, right now we're averaging a CPA of 540 with a 3. 75% conversion rate. If we could bump to a 4. 5% conversion rate, our CPA would drop to $454. 63. So another one would be, you know, test new Facebook and IG pages. Um, this one actually worked well. So the whole hypothesis was testing a new Facebook and Instapage can improve the current CPC. Of $7. 20 by 20 to 25%.

Um, improving the CPA from 540 to $432. 56, so we got a pretty nice drop here. You know, new actually— sorry I I read that incorrectly. So this one actually didn't work either. We rolled this one out. Um, I don't believe it was completed. Split test, three different landing page headlines. So headline three. Actually bumped up sales by 14%. So you guys can obviously see the different... you know, things here. It makes a big difference. When you roll all this stuff out. So the next step of the process is setting baseline. And why does setting baseline actually matter? Well, for, for a couple of reasons, especially if you're dealing with clients, if you're an agency, this is probably one of the most important things that I missed when I first started my agency.

So not really documenting a baseline. didn't allow us to show how much we improved results for our clients, so like, if you don't— Maybe they started at a 0. 5 ROAS and you bumped them up to a 1. 2 ROAS. You've more than doubled their ROAS, but if you don't have... that baseline to go over and you know, obviously, if they have a 2x row as you're going to want to get um to the 2x row as, but we we had opportunity we had um times in the past where we would come in the first month, double the ROAS and, you know, client would still be, oh, this is not working, blah, blah, blah. So. That's the first part. Just understanding, just setting the expectations up front.

Really understanding what is the baseline. If somebody comes in and their business isn't making any money. You're not going to want to kind of promise them, hey— you're going to start making $100,000, $200,000 a month net. over the next few months so this is huge in that aspect if you are helping with clients and all that. And then the second thing is this allows you to project forward. Okay. So if you don't have a baseline of where you're at, you're not going to be able to project forward. And I'm a very big proponent on... projections, the economic models, and really understanding Um, everything so you really want to map out. So you're going to have your Facebook ads baseline. This could be YouTube.

This could be Google, whatever that is. Map all of that out. The funnel baseline. What does that actually look like? And then you could build this whole thing out into Giru. And if you want to get deeper into things, this is not entirely needed. It just depends on some of the deals. So if you're doing... you know, profit sharing deals or something you might want to. uh, map out a business baseline example. But then from there, this allows you to project forward. And usually what we're doing is a worst case, average case, and best case. Scenario, so this really allows you to show—hey, what? What are we? Here's where you're at. Here's where we're taking you. Here's the worst case scenario. We mapped all this out with Giru.

I'm not going to really go through Giru for you guys. There's tons of videos on it. We love using Giru. It makes it super easy for my team to come up with the metrics for us internally. All of that. Highly recommend you dive into Giru. Understand your metrics. Understand what's going on. Obviously, you bought this whole course. It's very heavily predicated on metrics and capital velocity return and all that. I would say when I first got started, I wasn't that great of a marketer. Um, but I understood the metrics, I understood what levers to pull, because I was able to map things out like this. So I had the strategy, I didn't, I wasn't the greatest at the marketing. Now my, my marketing skills have definitely caught up after being in the game since, you know, 2009.

Um, so essentially, 16 years now, anyway. Uh, the next part is the data analysis. This is, if you have somebody on your team that is going to be reporting to you, just filling something out like this, just so everybody's on the same page, you know, progress reports, formulas, definitions, all that. Now, the next piece, and this is super important, is understanding the creative strategy. And you really need to understand. What is the... What is the CPA that we're actually shooting for? Because this will allow you to set the targets for... how much you were going to spend on each and every single concept. So we kind of have some defined brackets that we look at In here.

So, if CPA is less than a hundred bucks, we're going to probably spend three and a half to four X on that actual concept. So let's just say, in this example for our call funnel, we want to get leads for $53. 33 or less. We are going to spend about $186. 65 on each and every concept. What I'll do is I'll pull this up for you guys. So you guys fully understand this. This is important, especially on the media buying end. So a concept is essentially a group of ads, which is an idea. Okay. So you guys, when, when you guys roll out new ads, you are testing concepts. You really need to understand that this, um, this is a very big shift for, for me once I fully understood it and it made it much more linear in, um, you know, scaling up.

Cool. I rolled out 100 concepts. 20% of them were winners in testing. And then we had five of them were winners at scale. So defining these and understanding what that is. And then you have variations. So variations, you know, like you could see the concept was credit is king. And then we just came up with a couple of different image versions. With that, you need to define what a winner is and this is going to guide you for making sure everything is statistically significant and especially with your with your media buyers as well. An example would be, 'Hey, we're going to spend $600 on... Each, um, each concept. CPA work. Shooting for us about 200 bucks and we're gonna run it let it run for seven days. Okay?

Then, So if we launch 20 concepts, eight ads win. You could have, you know, variations in here that win. You have a 40% concept win rate. Okay? So this is super, super important. And how this actually works is... You have your creative testing campaign structure. So usually we're doing this in an ABO. Okay, so we're setting the budget in the actual ad sets. And then you have the creative concepts. Okay. Usually we're doing a lookalike, 1% of their best clients, best customers as the seed audience. And all you're doing is testing the concepts here. And this makes it, there's a bunch of different ways. Um... you know, that, that people do it when you're running an agency where you have a ton of different media buyers and you want to keep everything systematized and make sure that there's no outliers in the data.

You want to obviously have the process that you go through super simple. So this is how we do it. Highly recommend, especially if you're— you know, a newer media buyer, even an intermediate media buyer— this structure really works. It makes it very, very easy to see. How many concepts did we roll out? How many are winners in testing? You know, how many of these win in testing. And then, essentially, you're bumping these up to— um— a scale campaign structure and then this is a cbo. So the budget is going to be spread across all the winners here and you are— you're constantly looking for winners now. This really allows you to. Track everything objectively, and then you can bring in. So, like, we have creative strategists where their main KPI is a 20% win rate.

On... Creative Concepts and a 50% win rate for winners at scale. And then they get bonused based upon that. So that's obviously a little bit advanced and you know, if you're not running an agency, you probably don't need that. Um, you know, if you're a smaller company, you probably don't need that, but defining how you're going to spend up front is really going to help you. C. Cool. I need to spend at least 600 bucks on each concept. and you know, after seven days, I'm making a decision whether or not they were a winner. Okay. So this allows you to set some of this— the creative metrics. This is up to you. Um, this is something new that we actually are about to start testing. Um, Kind of understanding the baseline of where everything is.

You don't need that unless you're really running an agency. Then you're going to have all of your scripts. You're going to have all of your images that you're actually going to roll out. Then you're going to... have your media buying section. You're going to want to make sure all of your audiences are created, especially if you're, you're. working with a team. You'll find a lot of times that, you know, sometimes your team just skips over very simple things. They don't create the audiences they're supposed to. You want to make sure it's fully documented. This allows to make sure nothing is skipped. One of the biggest things that... So we used to try to do this in Asana.

And having people check off all the boxes and all that, like having it in one dock, just makes it so, so simple to see what's missing. So we personally like doing it in this dock. And then from there, we have the actual campaign rollout. So what does that actually look like? What is the budget per day? So, if you're working with clients, this really helps to get buy-in. And then it really helps if there's ever a blowback in the future where they're saying, 'Oh, well, you. You know, Overspent on this or blah blah, like we're getting everything approved up front. We're letting them know what we're actually running the ads on.' Same thing with YouTube. Same thing with TikTok. And then we have a, you know, post-launch strategy.

Going over, essentially, what we're looking to do. Then you're going to have projects, risks, and mitigation. So, you know, whenever you're rolling something out, you're going to have risks that could completely derail the project. We like to identify these up front. So, like, number one risk might be, you know, low close rate for showed calls. The indicator where we projected a 12% close rate for book calls that have shown up to their Zoom meeting. Currently, there's only a 20% SQL rate. Um, you know, ads are not bringing in tier one and tier tier one and tier two prospects. We're not going to hit row as targets. So, mapping all this out. Understanding what the actual risks are, especially for your team too. This... So...

Obviously, I've been in this game for a very, very long time. I've been in this game for about 16 years now. A lot of the things that I see, I just automatically see it, just because I've been in the game for so long. When you're dealing with newer people on your team, they're not going to see the same things that you see. This allows you to really map it all out and have your team get better. When I started doing this with my team, the strategy side, they got so much better because I forced them to actually think. What are the actual risks to this? You know, what could actually happen? And then, hopefully, you guys can... Let me just... So what we have them do is what is the number one risk?

So it's like low ticket sales page, not converting at least two, two and a half percent or higher, which would greatly affect our liquidation rate. You know, if we were around 1. 5% front-end conversion rate or liquidation rate would come in at 38%. You know, what's the risk category of performance? Who actually owns this? Now, this is important. You want one owner. Okay, and you want to essentially do a debrief at the end of every single month and go over this stuff. And track this so your project manager should really be the one following up with this. Um, what is the risk indicator? Is it high? You know, what is the impact? What's the probability? What's the financial aspect? Impact estimation: How many times should you be monitoring this?

And then, what is, you know, what's the mitigation strategy? Cool. We're going to roll out three leads for the VSL long form copy in the initial launch. Um, we're going to roll that out by 11, 17, 24. testing different front end price points. Now, here's the thing. Are you going to be able to roll out every single one of these and mitigate every single risk? No. But this really allows you to. bring this to the surface. First off, if you're dealing with clients, you bring it to the surface, you let them know. And then secondly, it empowers your team to go and solve a lot of this stuff. So usually your GMM is going to fill all this out. And then you're going to wrap this all up in monthly targets.

Okay. So where are you actually going to be? For these monthly targets. So, Obviously, that's a lot. In these other videos, we'll go into more detail in the actual presentations of some launch plans. That we did for clients. Hopefully this helps. This launch plan has really, really helped our agency all get on the same page, make sure launches go well. Make sure the client's on the same page. I highly recommend you guys use it. I've been, you know, this launch plan doc has been... Evolved over the past like six or seven years, I think we started using it in like year two. So you know, obviously it keeps getting better and more refined, and we add stuff, we take stuff out that's redundant or we don't use. But yeah, this, if you start using it, you will get better, um, you will have better launches, and you will waste way less money up front.